dazzling  Word is not found.
apologise  Word is not found.
unwieldy   Un*wield"y, a.  Defn: Not easily wielded or carried; unmanageable; bulky; ponderous. "A fat, unwieldy body of fifty-eight years old." Clarendon.  -- Un*wield"i*ly, adv.  -- Un*wield"i*ness, n. 
three   Three, a. Etym: [OE. þre, þreo, þri, AS. þri, masc., þreó, fem. and neut.; akin to OFries. thre, OS. thria, threa, D. drie, G. drei, OHG. dri, Icel. þrir, Dan. & Sw. tre, Goth. þreis, Lith. trys, Ir., Gael. & W. tri, Russ. tri, L. tres, Gr. trei^s, Skr. tri. *301. Cf. 3d Drilling, Tern, a., Third, Thirteen, Thirty, Tierce, Trey, Tri-, Triad, Trinity, Tripod.]  Defn: One more than two; two and one. "I offer thee three things." 2 Sam. xxiv. 12. Three solemn aisles approach the shrine. Keble.  Note: Three is often joined with other words, forming compounds signifying divided into, composed of, or containing, three parts, portions, organs, or the like; as, three-branched, three-capsuled, three-celled, three-cleft, three-edged, three-foot, three-footed, three-forked, three-grained, three-headed, three-legged, three- mouthed, three-nooked, three-petaled, three-pronged, three-ribbed, three-seeded, three-stringed, three-toed, and the like.  THREE Three, n.  1. The number greater by a unit than two; three units or objects.  2. A symbol representing three units, as 3 or iii. Rule of three. (Arith.) See under Rule, n.  THREE-COAT Three"-coat`, a. (Arch.)  Defn: Having or consisting of three coats; -- applied to plastering which consists of pricking-up, floating, and a finishing coat; or, as called in the United States, a scratch coat, browning, and finishing coat.  THREE-COLOR Three"-col`or, a.  Defn: Designating, or pert. to, a photomechanical process employing printings in three colors, as red, yellow, and blue.  THREE-CORNERED Three"-cor`nered, a.  1. Having three corners, or angles; as, a three-cornered hat.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: Having three prominent longitudinal angles; as, a three- cornered stem.  THREE-DECKER Three"-deck`er, n. (Naut.)  Defn: A vessel of war carrying guns on three decks.  THREE-FLOWERED Three"-flow`ered, a. (Bot.)  Defn: Bearing three flowers together, or only three flowers. 
successful   Suc*cess"ful, a.  Defn: Resulting in success; assuring, or promotive of, success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence, prosperous; fortunate; happy; as, a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise. Welcome, nephews, from successful wars. Shak.  Syn.  -- Happy; prosperous; fortunate; auspicious; lucky. See Fortunate.  -- Suc*cess"ful*ly, adv.  -- Suc*cess"ful*ness, n. 
border   Bor"der, n. Etym: [OE. bordure, F. bordure, fr. border to border, fr. bord a border; of German origin; cf. MHG. borte border, trimming, G. borte trimming, ribbon; akin to E. board in sense 8. See Board, n., and cf. Bordure.]  1. The outer part or edge of anything, as of a garment, a garden, etc.; margin; verge; brink. Upon the borders of these solitudes. Bentham. In the borders of death. Barrow.  2. A boundary; a frontier of a state or of the settled part of a country; a frontier district.  3. A strip or stripe arranged along or near the edge of something, as an ornament or finish.  4. A narrow flower bed. Border land, land on the frontiers of two adjoining countries; debatable land; -- often used figuratively; as, the border land of science.  -- The Border, The Borders, specifically, the frontier districts of Scotland and England which lie adjacent.  -- Over the border, across the boundary line or frontier.  Syn.  -- Edge; verge; brink; margin; brim; rim; boundary; confine.  BORDER Bor"der, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Bordered; p. pr. & vb. n. Bordering.]  1. To touch at the edge or boundary; to be contiguous or adjacent; -- with on or upon as, Connecticut borders on Massachusetts.  2. To approach; to come near to; to verge. Wit which borders upon profaneness deserves to be branded as folly. Abp. Tillotson.  BORDER Bor"der, v. t.  1. To make a border for; to furnish with a border, as for ornament; as, to border a garment or a garden.  2. To be, or to have, contiguous to; to touch, or be touched, as by a border; to be, or to have, near the limits or boundary; as, the region borders a forest, or is bordered on the north by a forest. The country is bordered by a broad tract called the "hot region." Prescott. Shebah and Raamah . . . border the sea called the Persian gulf. Sir W. Raleigh.  3. To confine within bounds; to limit. [Obs.] That nature, which contemns its origin, Can not be bordered certain in itself. Shak. 
hot   Hot, imp. & p. p.  Defn: of Hote. [Obs.] Spenser.  HOT Hot, a. [Compar. Hotter; superl. Hottest.] Etym: [OE. hot, hat, AS. hat; akin to OS. het, D. heet, OHG. heiz, G. heiss, Icel. heitr, Sw. het, Dan. heed, hed; cf. Goth. heito fever, hais torch. Cf. Heat.]  1. Having much sensible heat; exciting the feeling of warmth in a great degree; very warm; -- opposed to cold, and exceeding warm in degree; as, a hot stove; hot water or air. "A hotvenison pasty." Shak.  2. Characterized by heat, ardor, or animation; easily excited; firely; vehement; passionate; violent; eager. Achilles is impatient, hot, and revengeful. Dryden. There was mouthing in hot haste. Byron.  3. Lustful; lewd; lecherous. Shak.  4. Acrid; biting; pungent; as, hot as mustard. Hot bed (Iron Manuf.), an iron platform in a rolling mill, on which hot bars, rails, etc., are laid to cool.  -- Hot wall (Gardening), a wall provided with flues for the conducting of heat, to hasten the growth of fruit trees or the ripening of fruit.  -- Hot well (Condensing Engines), a receptacle for the hot water drawn from the condenser by the air pump. This water is returned to the boiler, being drawn from the hot well by the feed pump.  -- In hot water (Fig.), in trouble; in difficulties. [Colloq.]  Syn.  -- Burning; fiery; fervid; glowing; eager; animated; brisk; vehement; precipitate; violent; furious; ardent; fervent; impetuous; irascible; passionate; hasty; excitable. 
house   House, n.; pl. Houses. Etym: [OE. hous, hus, AS. h; akin to OS. & OFries. h, D. huis, OHG. h, G. haus, Icel. h, Sw. hus, Dan. huus, Goth. gudh, house of God, temple; and prob. to E. hide to conceal. See Hide, and cf. Hoard, Husband, Hussy, Husting.]  1. A structure intended or used as a habitation or shelter for animals of any kind; but especially, a building or edifice for the habitation of man; a dwelling place, a mansion. Houses are built to live in; not to look on. Bacon. Bees with smoke and doves with noisome stench Are from their hives and houses driven away. Shak.  2. Household affairs; domestic concerns; particularly in the phrase to keep house. See below.  3. Those who dwell in the same house; a household. One that feared God with all his house. Acts x. 2.  4. A family of ancestors, descendants, and kindred; a race of persons from the same stock; a tribe; especially, a noble family or an illustrious race; as, the house of Austria; the house of Hanover; the house of Israel. The last remaining pillar of their house, The one transmitter of their ancient name. Tennyson.  5. One of the estates of a kingdom or other government assembled in parliament or legislature; a body of men united in a legislative capacity; as, the House of Lords; the House of Commons; the House of Representatives; also, a quorum of such a body. See Congress, and Parliament.  6. (Com.)  Defn: A firm, or commercial establishment.  7. A public house; an inn; a hotel.  8. (Astrol.)  Defn: A twelfth part of the heavens, as divided by six circles intersecting at the north and south points of the horizon, used by astrologers in noting the positions of the heavenly bodies, and casting horoscopes or nativities. The houses were regarded as fixed in respect to the horizon, and numbered from the one at the eastern horizon, called the ascendant, first house, or house of life, downward, or in the direction of the earth's revolution, the stars and planets passing through them in the reverse order every twenty- four hours.  9. A square on a chessboard, regarded as the proper place of a piece.  10. An audience; an assembly of hearers, as at a lecture, a theater, etc.; as, a thin or a full house.  11. The body, as the habitation of the soul. This mortal house I'll ruin, Do Cæsar what he can. Shak.  12. [With an adj., as narrow, dark, etc.]  Defn: The grave. "The narrow house." Bryant.  Note: House is much used adjectively and as the first element of compounds. The sense is usually obvious; as, house cricket, housemaid, house painter, housework. House ant (Zoöl.), a very small, yellowish brown ant (Myrmica molesta), which often infests houses, and sometimes becomes a great pest.  -- House of bishops (Prot. Epis. Ch.), one of the two bodies composing a general convertion, the other being House of Clerical and Lay Deputies.  -- House boat, a covered boat used as a dwelling.  -- House of call, a place, usually a public house, where journeymen connected with a particular trade assemble when out of work, ready for the call of employers. [Eng.] Simonds.  -- House car (Railroad), a freight car with inclosing sides and a roof; a box car.  -- House of correction. See Correction.  -- House cricket (Zoöl.), a European cricket (Gryllus domesticus), which frequently lives in houses, between the bricks of chimneys and fireplaces. It is noted for the loud chirping or stridulation of the males.  -- House dog, a dog kept in or about a dwelling house.  -- House finch (Zoöl.), the burion.  -- House flag, a flag denoting the commercial house to which a merchant vessel belongs.  -- House fly (Zoöl.), a common fly (esp. Musca domestica), which infests houses both in Europe and America. Its larva is a maggot which lives in decaying substances or excrement, about sink drains, etc.  -- House of God, a temple or church.  -- House of ill fame. See Ill fame under Ill, a.  -- House martin (Zoöl.), a common European swallow (Hirundo urbica). It has feathered feet, and builds its nests of mud against the walls of buildings. Called also house swallow, and window martin.  -- House mouse (Zoöl.), the common mouse (Mus musculus).  -- House physician, the resident medical adviser of a hospital or other public institution.  -- House snake (Zoöl.), the milk snake.  -- House sparrow (Zoöl.), the common European sparrow (Passer domesticus). It has recently been introduced into America, where it has become very abundant, esp. in cities. Called also thatch sparrow.  -- House spider (Zoöl.), any spider which habitually lives in houses. Among the most common species are Theridium tepidariorum and Tegenaria domestica.  -- House surgeon, the resident surgeon of a hospital.  -- House wren (Zoöl.), the common wren of the Eastern United States (Troglodytes aëdon). It is common about houses and in gardens, and is noted for its vivacity, and loud musical notes. See Wren.  -- Religious house, a monastery or convent.  -- The White House, the official residence of the President of the United States; -- hence, colloquially, the office of President.  -- To bring down the house. See under Bring.  -- To keep house, to maintain an independent domestic establishment.  -- To keep open house, to entertain friends at all times.  Syn.  -- Dwelling; residence; abode. See Tenement.  HOUSE House, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Housed; p. pr. & vb. n. Housing.] Etym: [AS. h.]  1. To take or put into a house; to shelter under a roof; to cover from the inclemencies of the weather; to protect by covering; as, to house one's family in a comfortable home; to house farming utensils; to house cattle. At length have housed me in a humble shed. Young. House your choicest carnations, or rather set them under a penthouse. Evelyn.  2. To drive to a shelter. Shak.  3. To admit to residence; to harbor. Palladius wished him to house all the Helots. Sir P. Sidney.  4. To deposit and cover, as in the grave. Sandys.  5. (Naut.)  Defn: To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe; as, to house the upper spars.  HOUSE House, v. i.  1. To take shelter or lodging; to abide to dwell; to lodge. You shall not house with me. Shak.  2. (Astrol.)  Defn: To have a position in one of the houses. See House, n.,  8. "Where Saturn houses." Dryden. 
redundant   Re*dun"dant (-dant), a. Etym: [L. redundans, -antis, p. pr. of redundare: cf. F. redondant. See Redound.]  1. Exceeding what is natural or necessary; superabundant; exuberant; as, a redundant quantity of bile or food. Notwithstanding the redundant oil in fishes, they do not increase fat so much as flesh. Arbuthnot.  2. Using more worrds or images than are necessary or useful; pleonastic. Where an suthor is redundant, mark those paragraphs to be retrenched. I. Watts.  Syn.  -- Superfluous; superabundant; excessive; exuberant; overflowing; plentiful; copious. 
quickest  Word is not found.
chin   Chin, n. Etym: [AS. cin, akin to OS. kin, G kinn, Icel. kinn, cheek, Dan. & Sw. kind, L. gena, Gr. hanu. *232.]  1. The lower extremity of the face below the mouth; the point of the under jaw.  2. (Zoöl.)  Defn: The exterior or under surface embraced between the branches of the lower jaw bone, in birds. 
sneeze   Sneeze, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Sneezed; p. pr. & vb. n. Sneezing.] Etym: [OE. snesen; of uncertain origin; cf. D. snuse to sniff, E. neese, and AS. fneósan.]  Defn: To emit air, chiefly through the nose, audibly and violently, by a kind of involuntary convulsive force, occasioned by irritation of the inner membrane of the nose. Not to be sneezed at, not to be despised or contemned; not to be treated lightly. [Colloq.] "He had to do with old women who were not to be sneezed at." Prof. Wilson.  SNEEZE Sneeze, n.  Defn: A sudden and violent ejection of air with an audible sound, chiefly through the nose. 
ablaze   A*blaze", adv. & a. Etym: [Pref. a- + blaze.]  1. On fire; in a blaze, gleaming. Milman. All ablaze with crimson and gold. Longfellow.  2. In a state of glowing excitement or ardent desire. The young Cambridge democrats were all ablaze to assist Torrijos. Carlyle. 
turn   Turn, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Turned; p. pr. & vb. n. Turning.] Etym: [OE. turnen, tournen, OF. tourner, torner, turner, F. tourner, LL. tornare, fr. L. tornare to turn in a lathe, to rounds off, fr. tornus a lathe, Gr. throw. See Throw, and cf. Attorney, Return, Tornado, Tour, Tournament.]  1. To cause to move upon a center, or as if upon a center; to give circular motion to; to cause to revolve; to cause to move round, either partially, wholly, or repeatedly; to make to change position so as to present other sides in given directions; to make to face otherwise; as, to turn a wheel or a spindle; to turn the body or the head. Turn the adamantine spindle round. Milton. The monarch turns him to his royal guest. Pope.  2. To cause to present a different side uppermost or outmost; to make the upper side the lower, or the inside to be the outside of; to reverse the position of; as, to turn a box or a board; to turn a coat.  3. To give another direction, tendency, or inclination to; to direct otherwise; to deflect; to incline differently; -- used both literally and figuratively; as, to turn the eyes to the heavens; to turn a horse from the road, or a ship from her course; to turn the attention to or from something. "Expert when to advance, or stand, or, turn the sway of battle." Milton. Thrice I deluded her, and turned to sport Her importunity. Milton. My thoughts are turned on peace. Addison.  4. To change from a given use or office; to divert, as to another purpose or end; to transfer; to use or employ; to apply; to devote. Therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David. 1 Chron. x. 14. God will make these evils the occasion of a greater good, by turning them to advantage in this world. Tillotson. When the passage is open, land will be turned most to cattle; when shut, to sheep. Sir W. Temple.  5. To change the form, quality, aspect, or effect of; to alter; to metamorphose; to convert; to transform; -- often with to or into before the word denoting the effect or product of the change; as, to turn a worm into a winged insect; to turn green to blue; to turn prose into verse; to turn a Whig to a Tory, or a Hindoo to a Christian; to turn good to evil, and the like. The Lord thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee. Deut. xxx. 3. And David said, O Lord, I pray thee, turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness. 2 Sam. xv. 31. Impatience turns an ague into a fever. Jer. Taylor.  6. To form in a lathe; to shape or fashion (anything) by applying a cutting tool to it while revolving; as, to turn the legs of stools or tables; to turn ivory or metal. I had rather hear a brazen canstick turned. Shak.  7. Hence, to give form to; to shape; to mold; to put in proper condition; to adapt. "The poet's pen turns them to shapes." Shak. His limbs how turned, how broad his shoulders spread ! Pope. He was perfectly well turned for trade. Addison.  8. Specifically: -- (a) To translate; to construe; as, to turn the Iliad. Who turns a Persian tale for half a crown. Pope.  (b) To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle, etc.: as, to turn cider or wine; electricity turns milk quickly. (c) To sicken; to nauseate; as, an emetic turns one's stomach. To be turned of, be advanced beyond; as, to be turned of sixty-six.  -- To turn a cold shoulder to, to treat with neglect or indifference.  -- To turn a corner, to go round a corner.  -- To turn adrift, to cast off, to cease to care for.  -- To turn a flange (Mech.), to form a flange on, as around a metal sheet or boiler plate, by stretching, bending, and hammering, or rolling the metal.  -- To turn against. (a) To direct against; as, to turn one's arguments against himself. (b) To make unfavorable or hostile to; as, to turn one's friends against him.  -- To turn a hostile army, To turn the enemy's flank, or the like (Mil.), to pass round it, and take a position behind it or upon its side.  -- To turn a penny, or To turn an honest penny, to make a small profit by trade, or the like.  -- To turn around one's finger, to have complete control of the will and actions of; to be able to influence at pleasure.  -- To turn aside, to avert.  -- To turn away. (a) To dismiss from service; to discard; as, to turn away a servant. (b) To avert; as, to turn away wrath or evil.  -- To turn back. (a) To give back; to return. We turn not back the silks upon the merchants, When we have soiled them. Shak. (b) To cause to return or retrace one's steps; hence, to drive away; to repel. Shak.  -- To turn down. (a) To fold or double down. (b) To turn over so as to conceal the face of; as, to turn down cards. (c) To lower, or reduce in size, by turning a valve, stopcock, or the like; as, turn down the lights.  -- To turn in. (a) To fold or double under; as, to turn in the edge of cloth. (b) To direct inwards; as, to turn the toes in when walking. (c) To contribute; to deliver up; as, he turned in a large amount. [Colloq.] -- To turn in the mind, to revolve, ponder, or meditate upon; -- with about, over, etc. " Turn these ideas about in your mind." I. Watts.  -- To turn off. (a) To dismiss contemptuously; as, to turn off a sycophant or a parasite. (b) To give over; to reduce. (c) To divert; to deflect; as, to turn off the thoughts from serious subjects; to turn off a joke. (d) To accomplish; to perform, as work. (e) (Mech.) To remove, as a surface, by the process of turning; to reduce in size by turning. (f) To shut off, as a fluid, by means of a valve, stopcock, or other device; to stop the passage of; as, to turn off the water or the gas.  -- To turn on, to cause to flow by turning a valve, stopcock, or the like; to give passage to; as, to turn on steam.  -- To turn one's coat, to change one's uniform or colors; to go over to the opposite party.  -- To turn one's goods or money, and the like, to exchange in the course of trade; to keep in lively exchange or circulation; to gain or increase in trade.  -- To turn one's hand to, to adapt or apply one's self to; to engage in.  -- To turn out. (a) To drive out; to expel; as, to turn a family out of doors; to turn a man out of office. I'll turn you out of my kingdom. Shak. (b) to put to pasture, as cattle or horses. (c) To produce, as the result of labor, or any process of manufacture; to furnish in a completed state. (d) To reverse, as a pocket, bag, etc., so as to bring the inside to the outside; hence, to produce. (e) To cause to cease, or to put out, by turning a stopcock, valve, or the like; as, to turn out the lights.  -- To turn over. (a) To change or reverse the position of; to overset; to overturn; to cause to roll over. (b) To transfer; as, to turn over business to another hand. (c) To read or examine, as a book, while, turning the leaves. "We turned o'er many books together." Shak. (d) To handle in business; to do business to the amount of; as, he turns over millions a year. [Colloq.] -- To turn over a new leaf. See under Leaf.  -- To turn tail, to run away; to retreat ignominiously.  -- To turn the back, to flee; to retreat.  -- To turn the back on or upon, to treat with contempt; to reject or refuse unceremoniously.  -- To turn the corner, to pass the critical stage; to get by the worst point; hence, to begin to improve, or to succeed.  -- To turn the die or dice, to change fortune.  -- To turn the edge or point of, to bend over the edge or point of so as to make dull; to blunt.  -- To turn the head or brain of, to make giddy, wild, insane, or the like; to infatuate; to overthrow the reason or judgment of; as, a little success turned his head.  -- To turn the scale or balance, to change the preponderance; to decide or determine something doubtful.  -- To turn the stomach of, to nauseate; to sicken.  -- To turn the tables, to reverse the chances or conditions of success or superiority; to give the advantage to the person or side previously at a disadvantage.  -- To turn tippet, to make a change. [Obs.] B. Jonson.  -- To turn to profit, advantage, etc., to make profitable or advantageous.  -- To turn up. (a) To turn so as to bring the bottom side on top; as, to turn up the trump. (b) To bring from beneath to the surface, as in plowing, digging, etc. (c) To give an upward curve to; to tilt; as, to turn up the nose.  -- To turn upon, to retort; to throw back; as, to turn the arguments of an opponent upon himself.  -- To turn upside down, to confuse by putting things awry; to throw into disorder. This house is turned upside down since Robin Ostler died. Shak.  TURN Turn, v. i.  1. To move round; to have a circular motion; to revolve entirely, repeatedly, or partially; to change position, so as to face differently; to whirl or wheel round; as, a wheel turns on its axis; a spindle turns on a pivot; a man turns on his heel. The gate . . . on golden hinges turning. Milton.  2. Hence, to revolve as if upon a point of support; to hinge; to depend; as, the decision turns on a single fact. Conditions of peace certainly turn upon events of war. Swift.  3. To result or terminate; to come about; to eventuate; to issue. If we repent seriously, submit contentedly, and serve him faithfully, afflictions shall turn to our advantage. Wake.  4. To be deflected; to take a different direction or tendency; to be directed otherwise; to be differently applied; to be transferred; as, to turn from the road. Turn from thy fierce wrath. Ex. xxxii. 12. Turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways. Ezek. xxxiii. 11. The understanding turns inward on itself, and reflects on its own operations. Locke.  5. To be changed, altered, or transformed; to become transmuted; also, to become by a change or changes; to grow; as, wood turns to stone; water turns to ice; one color turns to another; to turn Mohammedan. I hope you have no intent to turn husband. Shak. Cygnets from gray turn white. Bacon.  6. To undergo the process of turning on a lathe; as, ivory turns well.  7. Specifically: -- (a) To become acid; to sour; -- said of milk, ale, etc. (b) To become giddy; -- said of the head or brain. I'll look no more; Lest my brain turn. Shak.  (c) To be nauseated; -- said of the stomach. (d) To become inclined in the other direction; -- said of scales. (e) To change from ebb to flow, or from flow to ebb; -- said of the tide. (f) (Obstetrics) To bring down the feet of a child in the womb, in order to facilitate delivery.  8. (Print.)  Defn: To invert a type of the same thickness, as temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted. To turn about, to face to another quarter; to turn around.  -- To turn again, to come back after going; to return. Shak.  -- To turn against, to become unfriendly or hostile to.  -- To turn aside or away. (a) To turn from the direct course; to withdraw from a company; to deviate. (b) To depart; to remove. (c) To avert one's face.  -- To turn back, to turn so as to go in an opposite direction; to retrace one's steps.  -- To turn in. (a) To bend inward. (b) To enter for lodgings or entertainment. (c) To go to bed. [Colloq.] -- To turn into, to enter by making a turn; as, to turn into a side street.  -- To turn off, to be diverted; to deviate from a course; as, the road turns off to the left.  -- To turn on or upon. (a) To turn against; to confront in hostility or anger. (b) To reply to or retort. (c) To depend on; as, the result turns on one condition.  -- To turn out. (a) To move from its place, as a bone. (b) To bend or point outward; as, his toes turn out. (c) To rise from bed. [Colloq.] (d) To come abroad; to appear; as, not many turned out to the fire. (e) To prove in the result; to issue; to result; as, the cropsturned out poorly.  -- To turn over, to turn from side to side; to roll; to tumble.  -- To turn round. (a) To change position so as to face in another direction. (b) To change one's opinion; to change from one view or party to another.  -- To turn to, to apply one's self to; have recourse to; to refer to. "Helvicus's tables may be turned to on all occasions." Locke.  -- To turn to account, profit, advantage, or the like, to be made profitable or advantageous; to become worth the while.  -- To turn under, to bend, or be folded, downward or under.  -- To turn up. (a) To bend, or be doubled, upward. (b) To appear; to come to light; to transpire; to occur; to happen.  TURN Turn, n.  1. The act of turning; movement or motion about, or as if about, a center or axis; revolution; as, the turn of a wheel.  2. Change of direction, course, or tendency; different order, position, or aspect of affairs; alteration; vicissitude; as, the turn of the tide. At length his complaint took a favorable turn. Macaulay. The turns and varieties of all passions. Hooker. Too well the turns of mortal chance I know. Pope.  3. One of the successive portions of a course, or of a series of occurrences, reckoning from change to change; hence, a winding; a bend; a meander. And all its [the river's] thousand turns disclose. Some fresher beauty varying round. Byron.  4. A circuitous walk, or a walk to and fro, ending where it began; a short walk; a stroll. Come, you and I must walk a turn together. Shak. I will take a turn in your garden. Dryden.  5. Successive course; opportunity enjoyed by alternation with another or with others, or in due order; due chance; alternate or incidental occasion; appropriate time. "Nobleness and bounty . . . had their turns in his [the king's] nature." His turn will come to laugh at you again. Denham . Every one has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases. Collier.  6. Incidental or opportune deed or office; occasional act of kindness or malice; as, to do one an ill turn. Had I not done a friendes turn to thee Chaucer. thanks are half lost when good turns are delayed. Fairfax.  7. Convenience; occasion; purpose; exigence; as, this will not serve his turn. I have enough to serve mine own turn. Shak.  8. Form; cast; shape; manner; fashion; -- used in a literal or figurative sense; hence, form of expression; mode of signifying; as, the turn of thought; a man of a sprightly turn in conversation. The turn of both his expressions and thoughts is unharmonious. Dryden. The Roman poets, in their description of a beautiful man, often mention the turn of his neck and arms. Addison.  9. A change of condition; especially, a sudden or recurring symptom of illness, as a nervous shock, or fainting spell; as, a bad turn. [Colloq.]  10. A fall off the ladder at the gallows; a hanging; -- so called from the practice of causing the criminal to stand on a ladder which was turned over, so throwing him off, when the signal was given. [Obs.]  11. A round of a rope or cord in order to secure it, as about a pin or a cleat.  12. (Mining)  Defn: A pit sunk in some part of a drift.  13. (Eng. Law)  Defn: A court of record, held by the sheriff twice a year in every hundred within his county. Blount.  14. pl. (Med.)  Defn: Monthly courses; menses. [Colloq.]  15. (Mus.)  Defn: An embellishment or grace (marked thus, By turns. (a) One after another; alternately; in succession. (b) At intervals. "[They] feel by turns the bitter change." Milton.  -- In turn, in due order of succession.  -- To a turn, exactly; perfectly; as, done to a turn; -- a phrase alluding to the practice of cooking on a revolving spit.  -- To take turns, to alternate; to succeed one another in due order.  -- Turn and turn about, by equal alternating periods of service or duty; by turns.  -- Turn bench, a simple portable lathe, used on a bench by clock makers and watchmakers.  -- Turn buckle. See Turnbuckle, in Vocabulary.  -- Turn cap, a sort of chimney cap which turns round with the wind so as to present its opening to the leeward. G. Francis.  -- Turn of life (Med.), change of life. See under Change.  -- Turn screw, a screw driver. 
scorch   Scorch, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Scorched; p. pr. & vb. n. Scorching.] Etym: [OE. scorchen, probably akin to scorcnen; cf. Norw. skrokken shrunk up, skrekka, skrökka, to shrink, to become wrinkled up, dial. Sw. skråkkla to wrinkle (see Shrug); but perhaps influenced by OF. escorchier to strip the bark from, to flay, to skin, F. écorcher, LL. excorticare; L. ex from + cortex, -icis, bark (cf. Cork); because the skin falls off when scorched.]  1. To burn superficially; to parch, or shrivel, the surface of, by heat; to subject to so much heat as changes color and texture without consuming; as, to scorch linen. Summer drouth or singed air never scorch thy tresses fair. Milton.  2. To affect painfully with heat, or as with heat; to dry up with heat; to affect as by heat. Lashed by mad rage, and scorched by brutal fires. Prior.  3. To burn; to destroy by, or as by, fire. Power was given unto him to scorch men with fire. Rev. xvi. 8. The fire that scorches me to death. Dryden.  SCORCH Scorch, v. i.  1. To be burnt on the surface; to be parched; to be dried up. Scatter a little mungy straw or fern amongst your seedlings, to prevent the roots from scorching. Mortimer.  2. To burn or be burnt. he laid his long forefinger on the scarlet letter, which forthwith seemed to scoch into Hester's breast, as if it had been red hot. Hawthorne. 
talented   Tal"ent*ed, a.  Defn: Furnished with talents; possessing skill or talent; mentally gifted. Abp. Abbot (1663).  Note: This word has been strongly objected to by Coleridge and some other critics, but, as it would seem, upon not very good grounds, as the use of talent or talents to signify mental ability, although at first merely metaphorical, is now fully established, and talented, as a formative, is just as analogical and legitimate as gifted, bigoted, moneyed, landed, lilied, honeyed, and numerous other adjectives having a participal form, but derived directly from nouns and not from verbs. 
existence   Ex*ist"ence, n. Etym: [Cf. F. existence.]  1. The state of existing or being; actual possession of being; continuance in being; as, the existence of body and of soul in union; the separate existence of the soul; immortal existence. The main object of our existence. Lubbock.  2. Continued or repeated manifestation; occurrence, as of events of any kind; as, the existence of a calamity or of a state of war. The existence therefore, of a phenomenon, is but another word for its being perceived, or for the inferred possibility of perceiving it. J. S. Mill.  3. That which exists; a being; a creature; an entity; as, living existences. 
clumsy   Clum"sy, a. [Compar. Clumsier; superl. Clumsiest.] Etym: [OE. clumsed benumbed, fr. clumsen to be benumbed; cf. Icel. klumsa lockjaw, dial. Sw. klummsen benumbed with cold. Cf. 1st Clam, and 1st Clamp.]  1. Stiff or benumbed, as with cold. [Obs.]  2. Without skill or grace; wanting dexterity, nimbleness, or readiness; stiff; awkward, as if benumbed; unwieldy; unhandy; hence; ill-made, misshapen, or inappropriate; as, a clumsy person; a clumsy workman; clumsy fingers; a clumsy gesture; a clumsy excuse. But thou in clumsy verse, unlicked, unpointed, Hast shamefully defied the Lord's anointed. Dryden.  Syn.  -- See Awkward. 
shave   Shave,  Defn: obs. p. p. of Shave. Chaucer. His beard was shave as nigh as ever he can. Chaucer.  SHAVE Shave, v. t. [imp. Shaved;p. p. Shaved or Shaven (; p. pr. & vb. n. Shaving.] Etym: [OE. shaven, schaven, AS. scafan, sceafan; akin to D. schaven, G. schaben, Icel. skafa, Sw. skafva, Dan. skave, Goth. scaban, Russ. kopate to dig, Gr. scabere to scratch, to scrape. Cf. Scab, Shaft, Shape.]  1. To cut or pare off from the surface of a body with a razor or other edged instrument; to cut off closely, as with a razor; as, to shave the beard.  2. To make bare or smooth by cutting off closely the surface, or surface covering, of; especially, to remove the hair from with a razor or other sharp instrument; to take off the beard or hair of; as, to shave the face or the crown of the head; he shaved himself. I'll shave your crown for this. Shak. The laborer with the bending scythe is seen Shaving the surface of the waving green. Gay.  3. To cut off thin slices from; to cut in thin slices. Plants bruised or shaven in leaf or root. Bacon.  4. To skim along or near the surface of; to pass close to, or touch lightly, in passing. Now shaves with level wing the deep. Milton.  5. To strip; to plunder; to fleece. [Colloq.] To shave a note, to buy it at a discount greater than the legal rate of interest, or to deduct in discounting it more than the legal rate allows. [Cant, U.S.]  SHAVE Shave, v. i.  Defn: To use a razor for removing the beard; to cut closely; hence, to be hard and severe in a bargain; to practice extortion; to cheat.  SHAVE Shave, n. Etym: [AS. scafa, sceafa, a sort of knife. See Shave, v. t.]  1. A thin slice; a shaving. Wright.  2. A cutting of the beard; the operation of shaving.  3. (a) An exorbitant discount on a note. [Cant, U.S.] (b) A premium paid for an extension of the time of delivery or payment, or for the right to vary a stock contract in any particular. [Cant, U.S.] N. Biddle.  4. A hand tool consisting of a sharp blade with a handle at each end; a drawing knife; a spokeshave.  5. The act of passing very near to, so as almost to graze; as, the bullet missed by a close shave. [Colloq.] Shave grass (Bot.), the scouring rush. See the Note under Equisetum.  -- Shave hook, a tool for scraping metals, consisting of a sharp- edged triangular steel plate attached to a shank and handle. 
scarecrow   Scare"crow`, n.  1. Anything set up to frighten crows or other birds from cornfields; hence, anything terifying without danger. A scarecrow set to frighten fools away. Dryden.  2. A person clad in rags and tatters. No eye hath seen such scarecrows. I'll not march with them through Coventry, that's flat. Shak.  3. (Zoöl.)  Defn: The black tern. [Prov. Eng.] 
measly   Mea"sly, a.  1. Infected with measles.  2. (Zoöl.)  Defn: Containing larval tapeworms; -- said of pork and beef. 
owe   Owe, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Owed, (Ought ( obs.); p. pr. & vb. n. Owing.] Etym: [OE. owen, awen,aghen, to have, own, have (to do), hence, owe, AS. agan to have; akin to G. eigen, a., own, Icel. eiga to have, Dan. eie, Sw. äga, Goth. áigan, Skr. Ought, v., 2d Own, Fraught.]  1. To possess; to have, as the rightful owner; to own. [Obs.] Thou dost here usurp The name thou ow'st not. Shak.  2. To have or possess, as something derived or bestowed; to be obliged to ascribe (something to some source); to be indebted or obliged for; as, he owed his wealth to his father; he owed his victoty to his lieutenants. Milton. O deem thy fall not owed to man's decree. Pope.  3. Hence: To have or be under an obigation to restore, pay, or render (something) in return or compensation for something received; to be indebted in the sum of; as, the subject owes allegiance; the fortunate owe assistance to the unfortunate. The one ought five hundred pence, and the other fifty. Bible (1551). A son owes help and honor to his father. Holyday.  Note: Owe was sometimes followed by an objective clause introduced by the infinitive. "Ye owen to incline and bow your heart." Chaucer.  4. To have an obligation to (some one) on account of something done or received; to be indebted to; as, to iwe the grocer for supplies, or a laborer for services. 
texture   Tex"ture, n. Etym: [L. textura, fr. texere, textum, to weave: cf. F. texture. See Text.]  1. The act or art of weaving. [R.] Sir T. Browne.  2. That which woven; a woven fabric; a web. Milton. Others, apart far in the grassy dale, Or roughening waste, their humble texture weave. Thomson.  3. The disposition or connection of threads, filaments, or other slender bodies, interwoven; as, the texture of cloth or of a spider's web.  4. The disposition of the several parts of any body in connection with each other, or the manner in which the constituent parts are united; structure; as, the texture of earthy substances or minerals; the texture of a plant or a bone; the texture of paper; a loose or compact texture.  5. (Biol.)  Defn: A tissue. See Tissue.  TEXTURE Tex"ture, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Textured; p. pr. & vb. n. Texturing.]  Defn: To form a texture of or with; to interweave. [R.] 
solid   Sol"id, a. Etym: [L. solidus, probably akin to sollus whole, entire, Gr. solide. Cf. Consolidate,Soda, Solder, Soldier, Solemn.]  1. Having the constituent parts so compact, or so firmly adhering, as to resist the impression or penetration of other bodies; having a fixed form; hard; firm; compact; -- opposed to fluid and liquid or to plastic, like clay, or to incompact, like sand.  2. Not hollow; full of matter; as, a solid globe or cone, as distinguished from a Ant: hollow one; not spongy; dense; hence, sometimes, heavy.  3. (Arith.)  Defn: Having all the geometrical dimensions; cubic; as, a solid foot contains 1,728 solid inches.  Note: In this sense, cubics now generally used.  4. Firm; compact; strong; stable; unyielding; as, a solid pier; a solid pile; a solid wall.  5. Applied to a compound word whose parts are closely united and form an unbroken word; -- opposed to hyphened.  6. Fig.: Worthy of credit, trust, or esteem; substantial, as opposed to frivolous or fallacious; weighty; firm; strong; valid; just; genuine. The solid purpose of a sincere and virtuous answer. Milton. These, wanting wit, affect gravity, and go by the name of solid men. Dryden. The genius of the Italians wrought by solid toil what the myth-making imagination of the Germans had projected in a poem. J. A. Symonds.  7. Sound; not weakly; as, a solid constitution of body. I. Watts.  8. (Bot.)  Defn: Of a fleshy, uniform, undivided substance, as a bulb or root; not spongy or hollow within, as a stem.  9. (Metaph.)  Defn: Impenetrable; resisting or excluding any other material particle or atom from any given portion of space; -- applied to the supposed ultimate particles of matter.  10. (Print.)  Defn: Not having the lines separated by leads; not open.  11. United; without division; unanimous; as, the delegation is solid for a candidate. [Polit. Cant. U.S.] Solid angle. (Geom.) See under Angle.  -- Solid color, an even color; one not shaded or variegated.  -- Solid green. See Emerald green (a), under Green.  -- Solid measure (Arith.), a measure for volumes, in which the units are each a cube of fixed linear magnitude, as a cubic foot, yard, or the like; thus, a foot, in solid measure, or a solid foot, contains 1,728 solid inches.  -- Solid newel (Arch.), a newel into which the ends of winding stairs are built, in distinction from a hollow newel. See under Hollow, a.  -- Solid problem (Geom.), a problem which can be construed geometrically, only by the intersection of a circle and a conic section or of two conic sections. Hutton.  -- Solid square (Mil.), a square body or troops in which the ranks and files are equal.  Syn.  -- Hard; firm; compact; strong; substantial; stable; sound; real; valid; true; just; weighty; profound; grave; important.  -- Solid, Hard. These words both relate to the internal constitution of bodies; but hardnotes a more impenetrable nature or a firmer adherence of the component parts than solid. Hard is opposed to soft, and solid to fluid, liquid, open, or hollow. Wood is usually solid; but some kinds of wood are hard, and others are soft. Repose you there; while I [return] to this hard house, More harder than the stones whereof 't is raised. Shak. I hear his thundering voice resound, And trampling feet than shake the solid ground. Dryden.  SOLID Sol"id, n.  1. A substance that is held in a fixed form by cohesion among its particles; a substance not fluid.  2. (Geom.)  Defn: A magnitude which has length, breadth, and thickness; a part of space bounded on all sides. Solid of revolution. (Geom.) See Revolution, n., 5. 
scrub   Scrub, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Scrubbed; p. pr. & vb. n. Scrubbing.] Etym: [OE. scrobben, probably of Dutch or Scand. origin; cf. Dan. sckrubbe, Sw. skrubba, D. schrobben, LG. schrubben.]  Defn: To rub hard; to wash with rubbing; usually, to rub with a wet brush, or with something coarse or rough, for the purpose of cleaning or brightening; as, to scrub a floor, a doorplate.  SCRUB Scrub, v. i.  Defn: To rub anything hard, especially with a wet brush; to scour; hence, to be diligent and penurious; as, to scrub hard for a living.  SCRUB Scrub, n.  1. One who labors hard and lives meanly; a mean fellow. "A sorry scrub." Bunyan. We should go there in as proper a manner possible; nor altogether like the scrubs about us. Goldsmith.  2. Something small and mean.  3. A worn-out brush. Ainsworth.  4. A thicket or jungle, often specified by the name of the prevailing plant; as, oak scrub, palmetto scrub, etc.  5. (Stock Breeding)  Defn: One of the commen live stock of a region of no particular breed or not of pure breed, esp. when inferior in size, etc. [U.S.] Scrub bird (Zoöl.), an Australian passerine bird of the family Atrichornithidæ, as Atrichia clamosa; -- called also brush bird.  -- Scrub oak (Bot.), the popular name of several dwarfish species of oak. The scrub oak of New England and the Middle States is Quercus ilicifolia, a scraggy shrub; that of the Southern States is a small tree (Q. Catesbæi); that of the Rocky Mountain region is Q. undulata, var. Gambelii.  -- Scrub robin (Zoöl.), an Australian singing bird of the genus Drymodes.  SCRUB Scrub, a.  Defn: Mean; dirty; contemptible; scrubby. How solitary, how scrub, does this town lokk! Walpole. No little scrub joint shall come on my board. Swift. Scrub game, a game, as of ball, by unpracticed players.  -- Scrub race, a race between scrubs, or between untrained animals or contestants. 
trees  Word is not found.
hurried   Hur"ried, a.  1. Urged on; hastened; going or working at speed; as, a hurried writer; a hurried life.  2. Done in a hurry; hence, imperfect; careless; as, a hurried job. "A hurried meeting." Milton.  -- Hur"ried*ly, adv.  -- Hur"ried*ness, n. 
two   Two, a. Etym: [OE. two, twa, properly fem. & neut., twei, twein, tweien, properly masc. (whence E. twain), AS. twa, fem. & neut., tw, masc., t, neut.; akin to OFries. tw, masc., twa, fem. & neut., OS. tw, masc., twa, fem., tw, neut., D. twee, OHG. zw, zw, zwei, G. zwei, Icel. tveir, tvær, tvau, Sw. två, Dan. to, Goth. twai, tw, twa; Lith. du, Russ. dva, Ir. & Gael. da, W. dau, dwy, L. duo, Gr. dva. Balance, Barouche, Between, Bi-, Combine, Deuce two in cards, Double, Doubt, Dozen, Dual, Duet, Dyad, Twain, Twelve, Twenty, Twice, Twilight, Twig, Twine, n., Twist.]  Defn: One and one; twice one. "Two great lights." Gen. i. 16. "Two black clouds." Milton.  Note: Two is often joined with other words, forming compounds signifying divided into, consisting of, or having, two parts, divisions, organs, or the like; as two-bladed, two-celled, two-eared, two-flowered, twohand, two-headed, two-horse, two-leafed or two- leaved, two-legged, two-lobed, two-masted, two-named, two-part, two- petaled, two-pronged, two-seeded, two-sided, two-story, two-stringed, two-foothed, two-valved, two-winged, and the like. One or two, a phrase often used indefinitely for a small number.  TWO Two, n.  1. The sum of one; the number next greater than one, and next less than three; two units or objects.  2. A symbol representing two units, as 2, II., or ii. In two, asunder; into parts; in halves; in twain; as, cut in two.  TWO-CAPSULED Two"-cap`suled, a. (Bot.)  Defn: Having two distinct capsules; bicapsular.  TWO-CLEFT Two"-cleft`, a. (Bot.)  Defn: Divided about half way from the border to the base into two segments; bifid.  TWO-CYCLE Two"-cy`cle, n. (Thermodynamics)  Defn: A two-stroke cycle for an internal-combustion engine. --Two"- cy`cle, a.  TWO-DECKER Two"-deck`er, n.  Defn: A vessel of war carrying guns on two decks.  TWO-EDGED Two"-edged`, a.  Defn: Having two edges, or edges on both sides; as, a two-edged sword. 
unnatural   Un*nat"u*ral, a.  Defn: Not natural; contrary, or not conforming, to the order of nature; being without natural traits; as, unnatural crimes.  Syn.  -- See Factitious.  -- Un*nat"u*ral*ly, adv.  -- Un*nat"u*ral*ness, n. 
observant   Ob*serv"ant, a. Etym: [L. observans, -anits, p. pr. of observare: cf. F. observant. See Observe.]  1. Taking notice; viewing or noticing attentively; watchful; attentive; as, an observant spectator; observant habits. Wandering from clime to clime observant stray'd. Pope.  2. Submissively attentive; obediently watchful; regardful; mindful; obedient (to); -- with of, as, to be observant of rules. We are told how observant Alexander was of his master Aristotle. Sir K. Digby.  OBSERVANT Ob*serv"ant, n.  1. One who observes forms and rules. [Obs.] Hooker.  2. A sycophantic servant. [Obs.] Silly ducking observants, That stretch their duties nicely. Shak.  3. (R.C.Ch.)  Defn: An Observantine. 
complete   Com"plete", a. Etym: [L. completus, p. p. of complere to fill. See Full, a., and cf. Comply, Compline.]  1. Filled up; with no part or element lacking; free from deficienty; entire; perfect; consummate. "Complete perfections." Milton. Ye are complete in him. Col. ii. 10. That thou, dead corse, again in complete steel Revesit'st thus the glimpses of the moon. Shak.  2. Finished; ended; concluded; completed; as, the edifice is complete. This course of vanity almost complete. Prior.  3. (Bot.)  Defn: Having all the parts or organs which belong to it or to the typical form; having calyx, corolla, stamens, and pistil.  Syn.  -- See Whole.  COMPLETE Com*plete", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Completed; p. pr. & vb. n. Completing.]  Defn: To bring to a state in which there is no deficiency; to perfect; to consummate; to accomplish; to fulfill; to finish; as, to complete a task, or a poem; to complete a course of education. Bred only and completed to the taste Of lustful appetence. Milton. And, to complete her bliss, a fool for mate. Pope.  Syn.  -- To perform; execute; terminate; conclude; finish; end; fill up; achieve; realize; effect; consummate; accomplish; effectuate; fulfill; bring to pass. 
dinosaurs  Word is not found.
observe   Ob*serve", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Observed; p. pr. & vb. n. Observing.] Etym: [L.observare, observatum; ob (see Ob-) + servare to save, preserve, keep, heed, observe: cf.F. observer. See Serve.]  1. To take notice of by appropriate conduct; to conform one's action or practice to; to keep; to heed; to obey; to comply with; as, to observe rules or commands; to observe civility. Ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread. Ex. xii. 17. He wolde no such cursedness observe. Chaucer. Must I budge Must I observe you Shak. With solemn purpose to observe Immutably his sovereign will. Milton.  2. To be on the watch respecting; to pay attention to; to notice with care; to see; to perceive; to discover; as, to observe an eclipse; to observe the color or fashion of a dress; to observe the movements of an army.  3. To express as what has been noticed; to utter as a remark; to say in a casual or incidental way; to remark.  OBSERVE Ob*serve", v. i.  1. To take notice; to give attention to what one sees or hears; to attend.  2. To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon. I have barely quoted... without observing upon it. Pope.  Syn.  -- To remark. See Remark. 
gusty   Gust"y, a.  Defn: Subject to, or characterized by, gusts or squalls; windy; stormy; tempestuous. Upon a raw and gusty day. Shak. 
pale   Pale, a. [Compar. Paler; superl. Palest.] Etym: [F. pâle, fr. pâlir to turn pale, L. pallere to be oAppall, Fallow, pall, v. i., Pallid.]  1. Wanting in color; not ruddy; dusky white; pallid; wan; as, a pale face; a pale red; a pale blue. "Pale as a forpined ghost." Chaucer. Speechless he stood and pale. Milton. They are not of complexion red or pale. T. Randolph.  2. Not bright or brilliant; of a faint luster or hue; dim; as, the pale light of the moon. The night, methinks, is but the daylight sick; It looks a little paler. Shak.  Note: Pale is often used in the formation of self-explaining compounds; as, pale-colored, pale-eyed, pale-faced, pale-looking, etc.  PALE Pale, n.  Defn: Paleness; pallor. [R.] Shak.  PALE Pale, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Paled; p. pr. & vb. n. Paling.]  Defn: To turn pale; to lose color or luster. Whittier. Apt to pale at a trodden worm. Mrs. Browning.  PALE Pale, v. t.  Defn: To make pale; to diminish the brightness of. The glowpale his uneffectual fire. Shak.  PALE Pale, n. Etym: [F. pal, fr. L. palus: cf. D. paal. See Pol a stake, and lst Pallet.]  1. A pointed stake or slat, either driven into the ground, or fastened to a rail at the top and bottom, for fencing or inclosing; a picket. Deer creep through when a pale tumbles down. Mortimer.  2. That which incloses or fences in; a boundary; a limit; a fence; a palisade. "Within one pale or hedge." Robynson (More's Utopia).  3. A space or field having bounds or limits; a limited region or place; an inclosure; -- often used figuratively. "To walk the studious cloister's pale." Milton. "Out of the pale of civilization." Macaulay.  4. A stripe or band, as on a garment. Chaucer.  5. (Her.)  Defn: One of the greater ordinaries, being a broad perpendicular stripe in an escutcheon, equally distant from the two edges, and occupying one third of it.  6. A cheese scoop. Simmonds.  7. (Shipbuilding)  Defn: A shore for bracing a timber before it is fastened. English pale (Hist.), the limits or territory within which alone the English conquerors of Ireland held dominion for a long period after their invasion of the country in 1172. Spencer.  PALE Pale, v. t.  Defn: To inclose with pales, or as with pales; to encircle; to encompass; to fence off. [Your isle, which stands] ribbed and paled in With rocks unscalable and roaring waters. Shak. 
guitar   Gui*tar", n. Etym: [F. guitare; cf. Pr., Sp., & Pg.guitarra, It. chitarra; all fr. Gr. cithara. Cf. Cittern, Gittern.]  Defn: A stringed instrument of music resembling the lute or the violin, but larger, and having six strings, three of silk covered with silver wire, and three of catgut, -- played upon with the fingers. 
mushy   Mush"y, a.  Defn: Soft like mush; figuratively, good-naturedly weak and effusive; weakly sentimental. She 's not mushy, but her heart is tender. G. Eliot. 
cumbersome   Cum"ber*some (k, a.  1. Burdensome or hindering, as a weight or drag; embarrassing; vexatious; cumbrous. To perform a cumbersome obedience. Sir. P. Sidney.  2. Not easily managed; as, a cumbersome contrivance or machine. He holds them in utter contempt, as lumbering, cumbersome, circuitous. I. Taylor. -- Cum"ber*some*ly, adv.  -- Cum"ber*some*ness,n. 
parched  Word is not found.
creator   Crea*"tor (kr-"tr), n. Etym: [L. creator: cf. F. cr.]  Defn: One who creates, produces, or constitutes. Specifically, the Supreme Being. To sin's rebuke and my Creater's praise. Shak. The poets and artists of Greece, who are at the same time its prophets, the creators of its divinities, and the revealers of its theological beliefs. Caird. 
fruit   Fruit, n. Etym: [OE. fruit, frut, F. fruit, from L. fructus enjoyment, product, fruit, from frui, p. p. fructus, to enjoy; akin to E. brook, v. t. See Broook, v. t., and cf. Fructify, Frugal.]  1. Whatever is produced for the nourishment or enjoyment of man or animals by the processes of vegetable growth, as corn, grass, cotton, flax, etc.; -- commonly used in the plural. Six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof. Ex. xxiii. 10.  2. (Hort.)  Defn: The pulpy, edible seed vessels of certain plants, especially those grown on branches above ground, as apples, oranges, grapes, melons, berries, etc. See 3.  3. (Bot.)  Defn: The ripened ovary of a flowering plant, with its contents and whatever parts are consolidated with it.  Note: Fruits are classified as fleshy, drupaceous, and -dry. Fleshy fruits include berries, gourds, and melons, orangelike fruita and pomes; drupaceous fruits are stony within and fleshy without, as peaches, plums, and chercies;and dry fruits are further divided into achenes, follicles, legumes, capsules, nuts, and several other kinds.  4. (Bot.)  Defn: The spore cases or conceptacles of flowerless plants, as of ferns, mosses, algae, etc., with the spores contained in them.  6. The produce of animals; offspring; young; as, the fruit of the womb, of the loins, of the body. King Edward's fruit, true heir to the English crown. Shak.  6. That which is produced; the effect or consequence of any action; advantageous or desirable product or result; disadvantageous or evil consequence or effect; as, the fruits of labor, of self-denial, of intemperance. The fruit of rashness. Shak. What I obtained was the fruit of no bargain. Burke. They shall eat the fruit of their doings. Is. iii 10. The fruits of this education became visible. Macaulay.  Note: Fruit is frequently used adjectively, signifying of, for, or pertaining to a fruit or fruits; as, fruit bud; fruit frame; fruit jar; fruit knife; fruit loft; fruit show; fruit stall; fruit tree; etc. Fruit bat (Zoöl.), one of the Frugivora; -- called also fruit- eating bat.  -- Fruit bud (Bot.), a bud that produces fruit; -- in most oplants the same as the power bud. Fruit dot (Bot.), a collection of fruit cases, as in ferns. See Sorus.  -- Fruit fly (Zoöl.), a small dipterous insect of the genus Drosophila, which lives in fruit, in the larval state.  -- Fruit jar, a jar for holding preserved fruit, usually made of glass or earthenware.  -- Fruit pigeon (Zoöl.), one of numerous species of pigeons of the family Carpophagidæ, inhabiting India, Australia, and the Pacific Islands. They feed largely upon fruit. and are noted for their beautiful colors.  -- Fruit sugar (Chem.), a kind of sugar occurring, naturally formed, in many ripe fruits, and in honey; levulose. The name is also, though rarely, applied to invert sugar, or to the natural mixture or dextrose and levulose resembling it, and found in fruits and honey.  -- Fruit tree (Hort.), a tree cultivated for its edible fruit.  -- Fruit worm (Zoöl.), one of numerous species of insect larvæ: which live in the interior of fruit. They are mostly small species of Lepidoptera and Diptera.  -- Small fruits (Hort.), currants, raspberries, strawberries, etc.  FRUIT Fruit, v. i.  Defn: To bear fruit. Chesterfield. 
fetch   Fetch (; 224), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Fetched 2; p. pr. & vb. n.. Fetching.] Etym: [OE. fecchen, AS. feccan, perh. the same word as fetian; or cf. facian to wish to get, OFries. faka to prepare. sq. root 77. Cf. Fet, v. t.]  1. To bear toward the person speaking, or the person or thing from whose point of view the action is contemplated; to go and bring; to get. Time will run back and fetch the age of gold. Milton. He called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink. And as she was going to fetch it he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bred in thine hand. 1 Kings xvii. 11, 12.  2. To obtain as price or equivalent; to sell for. Our native horses were held in small esteem, and fetched low prices. Macaulay.  3. To recall from a swoon; to revive; -- sometimes with to; as, to fetch a man to. Fetching men again when they swoon. Bacon.  4. To reduce; to throw. The sudden trip in wrestling that fetches a man to the ground. South.  5. To bring to accomplishment; to achieve; to make; to perform, with certain objects; as, to fetch a compass; to fetch a leap; to fetch a sigh. I'll fetch a turn about the garden. Shak. He fetches his blow quick and sure. South.  6. To bring or get within reach by going; to reach; to arrive at; to attain; to reach by sailing. Meantine flew our ships, and straight we fetched The siren's isle. Chapman.  7. To cause to come; to bring to a particular state. They could n't fetch the butter in the churn. W. Barnes. To fetch a compass (Naut.), to make a sircuit; to take a circuitious route going to a place.  -- To fetch a pump, to make it draw water by pouring water into the top and working the handle.  -- To fetch headway or sternway (Naut.), to move ahead or astern.  -- To fetch out, to develop. "The skill of the polisher fetches out the colors [of marble]" Addison.  -- To fetch up. (a) To overtake. [Obs.] "Says [the hare], I can fetch up the tortoise when I please." L'Estrange. (b) To stop suddenly.  FETCH fetch, v. i.  Defn: To bring one's self; to make headway; to veer; as, to fetch about; to fetch to windward. Totten. To fetch away (Naut.), to break loose; to roll slide to leeward.  -- To fetch and carry, to serve obsequiously, like a trained spaniel.  FETCH Fetch, n.  1. A stratagem by which a thing is indirectly brought to pass, or by which one thing seems intended and another is done; a trick; an artifice. Every little fetch of wit and criticism. South.  2. The apparation of a living person; a wraith. The very fetch and ghost of Mrs. Gamp. Dickens. Fetch candle, a light seen at night, superstitiously believed to portend a person's death. 
distinct   Dis*tinct", a. Etym: [L. distinctus, p. p. of distinguere: cf. F. distinct. See Distinguish.]  1. Distinguished; having the difference marked; separated by a visible sign; marked out; specified. [Obs.] Wherever thus created -- for no place Is yet distinct by name. Milton.  2. Marked; variegated. [Obs.] The which [place] was dight With divers flowers distinct with rare delight. Spenser.  3. Separate in place; not conjunct; not united by growth or otherwise; -- with from. The intention was that the two armies which marched out together should afterward be distinct. Clarendon.  4. Not identical; different; individual. To offend, and judge, are distinct offices. Shak.  5. So separated as not to be confounded with any other thing; not liable to be misunderstood; not confused; well-defined; clear; as, we have a distinct or indistinct view of a prospect. Relation more particular and distinct. Milton.  Syn.  -- Separate; unconnected; disjoined; different; clear; plain; conspicuous; obvious.  DISTINCT Dis*tinct", v. t.  Defn: To distinguish. [Obs.] Rom. of R. 
astonishing   As*ton"ish*ing, a.  Defn: Very wonderful; of a nature to excite astonishment; as, an astonishing event.  Syn.  -- Amazing; surprising; wonderful; marvelous. As*ton"ish*ing*ly, adv.  -- As*ton"ish*ing*ness, n. 
signal   Sig"nal, n. Etym: [F., fr. LL. signale, fr. L. signum. See Sign, n.]  1. A sign made for the purpose of giving notice to a person of some occurence, command, or danger; also, a sign, event, or watchword, which has been agreed upon as the occasion of concerted action. All obeyed The wonted signal and superior voice Of this great potentate. Milton.  2. A token; an indication; a foreshadowing; a sign. The weary sun . . . Gives signal of a goodly day to-morrow. Shak. There was not the least signal of the calamity to be seen. De Foc.  SIGNAL Sig"nal, a. Etym: [From signal, n.: cf. F. signalé.]  1. Noticeable; distinguished from what is ordinary; eminent; remarkable; memorable; as, a signal exploit; a signal service; a signal act of benevolence. As signal now in low, dejected state As erst in highest, behold him where he lies. Milton.  2. Of or pertaining to signals, or the use of signals in conveying information; as, a signal flag or officer. The signal service, a bureau of the government (in the United States connected with the War Department) organized to collect from the whole country simultaneous raports of local meteorological conditions, upon comparison of which at the central office, predictions concerning the weather are telegraphed to various sections, where they are made known by signals publicly displayed.  -- Signal station, the place where a signal is displayed; specifically, an observation office of the signal service.  Syn.  -- Eminent; remarkable; memorable; extraordinary; notable; conspicuous.  SIGNAL Sig"nal, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Signaled ( or Signalled; p. pr. & vb. n. Signaling or Signalling.]  1. To communicate by signals; as, to signal orders.  2. To notify by a signals; to make a signal or signals to; as, to signal a fleet to anchor. M. Arnold. 
delicate   Del"i*cate, a. Etym: [L. delicatus pleasing the senses, voluptuous, soft and tender; akin to deliciae delight: cf. F. délicat. See Delight.]  1. Addicted to pleasure; luxurious; voluptuous; alluring. [R.] Dives, for his delicate life, to the devil went. Piers Plowman. Haarlem is a very delicate town. Evelyn.  2. Pleasing to the senses; refinedly; hence, adapted to please a nice or cultivated taste; nice; fine; elegant; as, a delicate dish; delicate flavor.  3. Slight and shapely; lovely; graceful; as, "a delicate creature." Shak.  4. Fine or slender; minute; not coarse; -- said of a thread, or the like; as, delicate cotton.  5. Slight or smooth; light and yielding; -- said of texture; as, delicate lace or silk.  6. Soft and fair; -- said of the skin or a surface; as, a delicate cheek; a delicate complexion.  7. Light, or softly tinted; -- said of a color; as; as, a delicate blue.  8. Refined; gentle; scrupulous not to trespass or offend; considerate; -- said of manners, conduct, or feelings; as, delicate behavior; delicate attentions; delicate thoughtfulness.  9. Tender; not able to endure hardship; feeble; frail; effeminate; -- said of constitution, health, etc.; as, a delicate child; delicate health. A delicate and tender prince. Shak.  10. Requiring careful handling; not to be rudely or hastily dealt with; nice; critical; as, a delicate subject or question. There are some things too delicate and too sacred to be handled rudely without injury to truth. F. W. Robertson.  11. Of exacting tastes and habits; dainty; fastidious.  12. Nicely discriminating or perceptive; refinedly critical; sensitive; exquisite; as, a delicate taste; a delicate ear for music.  13. Affected by slight causes; showing slight changes; as, a delicate thermometer.  DELICATE Del"i*cate, n.  1. A choice dainty; a delicacy. [R.] With abstinence all delicates he sees. Dryden.  2. A delicate, luxurious, or effeminate person. All the vessels, then, which our delicates have, -- those I mean that would seem to be more fine in their houses than their neighbors, -- are only of the Corinth metal. Holland. 
ticket   Tick"et, n. Etym: [F. étiquette a label, ticket, fr. OF. estiquette, or OF. etiquet, estiquet; both of Teutonic origin, and akin to E. stick. See Stick, n. & v., and cf. Etiquette, Tick credit.]  Defn: A small piece of paper, cardboard, or the like, serving as a notice, certificate, or distinguishing token of something. Specifically: -- (a) A little note or notice. [Obs. or Local] He constantly read his lectures twice a week for above forty years, giving notice of the time to his auditors in a ticket on the school doors. Fuller.  (b) A tradesman's bill or account. [Obs.]  Note: Hence the phrase on ticket, on account; whence, by abbreviation, came the phrase on tick. See 1st Tick. Your courtier is mad to take up silks and velvets On ticket for his mistress. J. Cotgrave.  (c) A certificate or token of right of admission to a place of assembly, or of passage in a public conveyance; as, a theater ticket; a railroad or steamboat ticket. (d) A label to show the character or price of goods. (e) A certificate or token of a share in a lottery or other scheme for distributing money, goods, or the like. (f) (Politics) A printed list of candidates to be voted for at an election; a set of nominations by one party for election; a ballot. [U.S.] The old ticket forever! We have it by thirty-four votes. Sarah Franklin (1766). Scratched ticket, a ticket from which the names of one or more of the candidates are scratched out.  -- Split ticket, a ticket representing different divisions of a party, or containing candidates selected from two or more parties.  -- Straight ticket, a ticket containing the regular nominations of a party, without change.  -- Ticket day (Com.), the day before the settling or pay day on the stock exchange, when the names of the actual purchasers are rendered in by one stockbroker to another. [Eng.] Simmonds.  -- Ticket of leave, a license or permit given to a convict, or prisoner of the crown, to go at large, and to labor for himself before the expiration of his sentence, subject to certain specific conditions. [Eng.] Simmonds.  -- Ticket porter, a licensed porter wearing a badge by which he may be identified. [Eng.]  TICKET Tick"et, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Ticketed; p. pr. & vb. n. Ticketing.]  1. To distinguish by a ticket; to put a ticket on; as, to ticket goods.  2. To furnish with a tickets; to book; as, to ticket passengers to California. [U.S.] 
manage   Man"age, n. Etym: [F. manège, It. maneggio, fr. maneggiare to manage, fr. L.manushand. Perhaps somewhat influenced by F. ménage housekeeping, OF. mesnage, akin to E. mansion. See Manual, and cf. Manege.]  Defn: The handling or government of anything, but esp. of a horse; management; administration. See Manege. [Obs.] Young men, in the conduct and manage of actions, embrace more than they can hold. Bacon. Down, down I come; like glistering Phaëthon Wanting the manage of unruly jades. Shak. The unlucky manage of this fatal brawl. Shak.  Note: This word, in its limited sense of management of a horse, has been displaced by manege; in its more general meaning, by management.  MANAGE Man"age, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Managed; p. pr. & vb. n. Managing.] Etym: [From Manage, n.]  1. To have under control and direction; to conduct; to guide; to administer; to treat; to handle. Long tubes are cumbersome, and scarce to be easily managed. Sir I. Newton. What wars Imanage, and what wreaths I gain. Prior.  2. Hence: Esp., to guide by careful or delicate treatment; to wield with address; to make subservient by artful conduct; to bring around cunningly to one's plans. It was so much his interest to manage his Protestant subjects. Addison . It was not her humor to manage those over whom she had gained an ascendant. Bp. Hurd.  3. To train in the manege, as a horse; to exercise in graceful or artful action.  4. To treat with care; to husband. Dryden.  5. To bring about; to contrive. Shak.  Syn.  -- To direct; govern; control; wield; order; contrive; concert; conduct; transact.  MANAGE Man"age, v. i.  Defn: To direct affairs; to carry on business or affairs; to administer. Leave them to manage for thee. Dryden . 
beginner   Be*gin"ner, n.  Defn: One who begins or originates anything. Specifically: A young or inexperienced practitioner or student; a tyro. A sermon of a new beginner. Swift. 
destroy   De*stroy", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Destroyed; p. pr. & vb. n. Destroying.] Etym: [OE. destroien, destruien, destrien, OF. destruire, F. détruire, fr. L. destruere, destructum; de + struere to pile up, build. See Structure.]  1. To unbuild; to pull or tear down; to separate virulently into its constituent parts; to break up the structure and organic existence of; to demolish. But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves. Ex. xxxiv. 13.  2. To ruin; to bring to naught; to put an end to; to annihilate; to consume. I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation. Jer. xii. 17.  3. To put an end to the existence, prosperity, or beauty of; to kill. If him by force he can destroy, or, worse, By some false guile pervert. Milton.  Syn.  -- To demolish; lay waste; consume; raze; dismantle; ruin; throw down; overthrow; subvert; desolate; devastate; deface; extirpate; extinguish; kill; slay. See Demolish. 
ants  Word is not found.
rely   Re*ly" (r-l"), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Relied (-ld"); p. pr. & vb. n. Relying.] Etym: [Pref. re- + lie to rest.]  Defn: To rest with confidence, as when fully satisfied of the veracity, integrity, or ability of persons, or of the certainty of facts or of evidence; to have confidence; to trust; to depend; -- with on, formerly also with in. Go in thy native innocence; rely On what thou hast of virtue. Milton. On some fond breast the parting soul relies. Gray.  Syn.  -- To trust; depend; confide; repose. 
shade   Shade, n. Etym: [OE. shade, shadewe, schadewe, AS. sceadu, scead; akin to OS. skado, D. schaduw, OHG. scato, (gen. scatewes), G. schatten, Goth. skadus, Ir. & Gael. sgath, and probably to Gr. Shadow, Shed a hat.]  1. Comparative obscurity owing to interception or interruption of the rays of light; partial darkness caused by the intervention of something between the space contemplated and the source of light.  Note: Shade differs from shadow as it implies no particular form or definite limit; whereas a shadow represents in form the object which intercepts the light. When we speak of the shade of a tree, we have no reference to its form; but when we speak of measuring a pyramid or other object by its shadow, we have reference to its form and extent.  2. Darkness; obscurity; -- often in the plural. The shades of night were falling fast. Longfellow.  3. An obscure place; a spot not exposed to light; hence, a secluded retreat. Let us seek out some desolate shade, and there Weep our sad bosoms empty. Shak.  4. That which intercepts, or shelters from, light or the direct rays of the sun; hence, also, that which protects from heat or currents of air; a screen; protection; shelter; cover; as, a lamp shade. The Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand. Ps. cxxi. 5. Sleep under a fresh tree's shade. Shak. Let the arched knife well sharpened now assail the spreading shades of vegetables. J. Philips.  5. Shadow. [Poetic.] Envy will merit, as its shade, pursue. Pope.  6. The soul after its separation from the body; -- so called because the ancients it to be perceptible to the sight, though not to the touch; a spirit; a ghost; as, the shades of departed heroes. Swift as thought the flitting shade Thro' air his momentary journey made. Dryden.  7. (Painting, Drawing, etc.)  Defn: The darker portion of a picture; a less illuminated part. See Def. 1, above.  8. Degree or variation of color, as darker or lighter, stronger or paler; as, a delicate shade of pink. White, red, yellow, blue, with their several degrees, or shades and mixtures, as green only in by the eyes. Locke.  9. A minute difference or variation, as of thought, belief, expression, etc.; also, the quality or degree of anything which is distinguished from others similar by slight differences; as, the shades of meaning in synonyms. New shades and combinations of thought. De Quincey. Every shade of religious and political opinion has its own headquarters. Macaulay. The Shades, the Nether World; the supposed abode of souls after leaving the body.  SHADE Shade, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Shaded; p. pr. & vb. n. Shading.]  1. To shelter or screen by intercepting the rays of light; to keep off illumination from. Milton. I went to crop the sylvan scenes, And shade our altars with their leafy greens. Dryden.  2. To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen; to hide; as, to shade one's eyes. Ere in our own house I do shade my head. Shak.  3. To obscure; to dim the brightness of. Thou shad'st The full blaze of thy beams. Milton.  4. To pain in obscure colors; to darken.  5. To mark with gradations of light or color.  6. To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent. [Obs.] [The goddess] in her person cunningly did shade That part of Justice which is Equity. Spenser. 
rhythm   Rhythm, n. Etym: [F. rhythme, rythme, L. rhythmus, fr. GR. Stream.]  1. In the widest sense, a dividing into short portions by a regular succession of motions, impulses, sounds, accents, etc., producing an agreeable effect, as in music poetry, the dance, or the like.  2. (Mus.)  Defn: Movement in musical time, with periodical recurrence of accent; the measured beat or pulse which marks the character and expression of the music; symmetry of movement and accent. Moore (Encyc. )  3. A division of lines into short portions by a regular succession of arses and theses, or percussions and remissions of voice on words or syllables.  4. The harmonious flow of vocal sounds. 
cynical  
condemned   Con*demned", a.  1. Pronounced to be wrong, guilty, worthless, or forfeited; adjudged or sentenced to punishment, destruction, or confiscation.  2. Used for condemned persons. Richard Savage . . . had lain with fifty pounds weight of irons on his legs in the condemned ward of Newgate. Macaulay. 
available   A*vail"a*ble, a.  1. Having sufficient power, force, or efficacy, for the object; effectual; valid; as, an available plea. [Obs.] Laws human are available by consent. Hooker.  2. Such as one may avail one's self of; capable of being used for the accomplishment of a purpose; usable; profitable; advantageous; convertible into a resource; as, an available measure; an available candidate. Struggling to redeem, as he did, the available months and days out of so many that were unavailable. Carlyle. Having no available funds with which to pay the calls on new shares. H. Spenser. 
bouncy  Word is not found.
direction   Di*rec"tion, n. Etym: [L. directio: cf. F. direction.]  1. The act of directing, of aiming, regulating, guiding, or ordering; guidance; management; superintendence; administration; as, the direction o. I do commit his youth To your direction. Shak. All nature is but art, unknown to thee;direction, which thou canst not see. Pope.  2. That which is imposed by directing; a guiding or authoritative instruction; prescription; order; command; as, he grave directions to the servants. The princes digged the well . . . by the direction of the law giver. Numb. xxi. 18.  3. The name and residence of a person to whom any thing is sent, written upon the thing sent; superscription; address; as, the direction of a letter.  4. The line or course upon which anything is moving or aimed to move, or in which anything is lying or pointing; aim; line or point of tendency; direct line or course; as, the ship sailed in a southeasterly direction.  5. The body of managers of a corporation or enterprise; board of directors.  6. (Gun.)  Defn: The pointing of a piece with reference to an imaginary vertical axis; -- distinguished from elevation. The direction is given when the plane of sight passes through the object. Wilhelm.  Syn.  -- Administration; guidance; management; superintendence; oversight; government; order; command; guide; clew. Direction, Control, Command, Order. These words, as here compared, have reference to the exercise of power over the actions of others. Control is negative, denoting power to restrain; command is positive, implying a right to enforce obedience; directions are commands containing instructions how to act. Order conveys more prominently the idea of authority than the word direction. A shipmaster has the command of his vessel; he gives orders or directions to the seamen as to the mode of sailing it; and exercises a due control over the passengers. 
anger   An"ger, n. Etym: [OE. anger, angre, affliction, anger, fr. Icel. angr affliction, sorrow; akin to Dan. anger regret, Swed. ånger regret, AS. ange oppressed, sad, L. angor a strangling, anguish, angere to strangle, Gr. amhas pain, and to. anguish, anxious, quinsy, and perh. awe, ugly. The word seems to have orig. meant to choke, squeeze.  1. Trouble; vexation; also, physical pain or smart of a sore, etc. [Obs.] I made the experiment, setting the moxa where . . . the greatest anger and soreness still continued. Temple.  2. A strong passion or emotion of displeasure or antagonism, excited by a real or supposed injury or insult to one's self or others, or by the intent to do such injury. Anger is like A full hot horse, who being allowed his way, Self- mettle tires him. Shak.  Syn.  -- Resentment; wrath; rage; fury; passion; ire gall; choler; indignation; displeasure; vexation; grudge; spleen.  -- Anger, Indignation, Resentment, Wrath, Ire, Rage, Fury. Anger is a feeling of keen displeasure (usually with a desire to punish) for what we regard as wrong toward ourselves or others. It may be excessive or misplaced, but is not necessarily criminal. Indignation is a generous outburst of anger in view of things which are indigna, or unworthy to be done, involving what is mean, cruel, flagitious, etc., in character or conduct. Resentment is often a moody feeling, leading one to brood over his supposed personal wrongs with a deep and lasting anger. See Resentment. Wrath and ire (the last poetical) express the feelings of one who is bitterly provoked. Rage is a vehement ebullition of anger; and fury is an excess of rage, amounting almost to madness. Warmth of constitution often gives rise to anger; a high sense of honor creates indignation at crime; a man of quick sensibilities is apt to cherish resentment; the wrath and ire of men are often connected with a haughty and vindictive spirit; rage and fury are distempers of the soul to be regarded only with abhorrence.  ANGER An"ger, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Angered; p. pr. & vb. n. Angering.] Etym: [Cf. Icel. angra.]  1. To make painful; to cause to smart; to inflame. [Obs.] He . . . angereth malign ulcers. Bacon.  2. To excite to anger; to enrage; to provoke. Taxes and impositions . . . which rather angered than grieved the people. Clarendon. 
gruesome   Grue"some, a.  Defn: Same as Grewsome. [Scot.] 
ill-informed  Word is not found.
neck   Neck, n. Etym: [OE. necke, AS. hnecca; akin to D. nek the nape of the neck, G. nacken, OHG. nacch, hnacch, Icel. hnakki, Sw. nacke, Dan. nakke.]  1. The part of an animal which connects the head and the trunk, and which, in man and many other animals, is more slender than the trunk.  2. Any part of an inanimate object corresponding to or resembling the neck of an animal; as: (a) The long slender part of a vessel, as a retort, or of a fruit, as a gourd. (b) A long narrow tract of land projecting from the main body, or a narrow tract connecting two larger tracts. (c) (Mus.) That part of a violin, guitar, or similar instrument, which extends from the head to the body, and on which is the finger board or fret board.  3. (Mech.)  Defn: A reduction in size near the end of an object, formed by a groove around it; as, a neck forming the journal of a shaft.  4. (Bot.)  Defn: the point where the base of the stem of a plant arises from the root. Neck and crop, completely; wholly; altogether; roughly and at once. [Colloq.] -- Neck and neck (Racing), so nearly equal that one cannot be said to be before the other; very close; even; side by side.  -- Neck of a capital. (Arch.) See Gorgerin.  -- Neck of a cascabel (Gun.), the part joining the knob to the base of the breech.  -- Neck of a gun, the small part of the piece between the chase and the swell of the muzzle.  -- Neck of a tooth (Anat.), the constriction between the root and the crown.  -- Neck or nothing (Fig.), at all risks.  -- Neck verse. (a) The verse formerly read to entitle a party to the benefit of clergy, said to be the first verse of the fifty-first Psalm, "Miserere mei," etc. Sir W. Scott. (b) Hence, a verse or saying, the utterance of which decides one's fate; a shibboleth. These words, "bread and cheese," were their neck verse or shibboleth to distinguish them; all pronouncing "broad and cause," being presently put to death. Fuller. -- Neck yoke. (a) A bar by which the end of the tongue of a wagon or carriage is suspended from the collars of the harnesses. (b) A device with projecting arms for carrying things (as buckets of water or sap) suspended from one's shoulders.  -- On the neck of, immediately after; following closely. "Commiting one sin on the neck of another." W. Perkins.  -- Stiff neck, obstinacy in evil or wrong; inflexible obstinacy; contumacy. "I know thy rebellion, and thy stiff neck." Deut. xxxi. 27.  -- To break the neck of, to destroy the main force of. "What they presume to borrow from her sage and virtuous rules... breaks the neck of their own cause." Milton.  -- To harden the neck, to grow obstinate; to be more and more perverse and rebellious. Neh. ix. 17.  -- To tread on the neck of, to oppress; to tyrannize over.  NECK Neck, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Necked; p. pr. & vb. n. Necking.] (Mech.)  Defn: To reduce the diameter of (an object) near its end, by making a groove around it; -- used with down; as, to neck down a shaft. v. t. & i. To kiss and caress amorously. n. necking  NECKAR NUT Neck"ar nut`. (Bot.)  Defn: See Nicker nut. 
exultant   Ex*ult"ant, a. Etym: [L. exsultans, exsultantis, p. pr. of exsultare. See Exult.]  Defn: Inclined to exult; characterized by, or expressing, exultation; rejoicing triumphantly. Break away, exultant, from every defilement. I. Tay;or. 
believe   Be*lieve", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Believed; p. pr. & vb. n. Believing.] Etym: [OE. bileven (with pref. be- for AS. ge-), fr. AS. gel, gel; akin to D. gelooven, OHG. gilouban, G. glauben, OS. gil, Goth. galaubjan, and Goth. liubs dear. See Lief, a., Leave, n.]  Defn: To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of, upon evidence furnished by reasons, arguments, and deductions of the mind, or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as, to believe a person, a statement, or a doctrine. Our conqueror (whom I now Of force believe almighty). Milton. King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets Acts xxvi. Often followed by a dependent clause. I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. Acts viii. 37.  Syn.  -- See Expect.  BELIEVE Be*lieve", v. i.  1. To have a firm persuasion, esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith. Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief. Mark ix. 24. With the heart man believeth unto righteousness. Rom. x. 10.  2. To think; to suppose. I will not believe so meanly of you. Fielding. To believe in. (a) To believe that the subject of the thought (if a person or thing) exists, or (if an event) that it has occurred, or will occur; -- as, to believe in the resurrection of the dead. "She does not believe in Jupiter." J. H. Newman. (b) To believe that the character, abilities, and purposes of a person are worthy of entire confidence; -- especially that his promises are wholly trustworthy. "Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me." John xiv. 1. (c) To believe that the qualities or effects of an action or state are beneficial: as, to believe in sea bathing, or in abstinence from alcoholic beverages.  -- To believe on, to accept implicitly as an object of religious trust or obedience; to have faith in. 
start   Start, v. i. [imp. & p. p. started; p. pr. & vb. n. starting.] Etym: [OE. sterten; akin to D. storten 8hurl, rush, fall, G. stürzen, OHG. sturzen to turn over, to fall, Sw. störa to cast down, to fall, Dan. styrte, and probably also to E. start a tail; the original sense being, perhaps, to show the tail, to tumble over suddenly. *166. Cf. Start a tail.]  1. To leap; to jump. [Obs.]  2. To move suddenly, as with a spring or leap, from surprise, pain, or other sudden feeling or emotion, or by a voluntary act. And maketh him out of his sleep to start. Chaucer. I start as from some dreadful dream. Dryden. Keep your soul to the work when ready to start aside. I. Watts. But if he start, It is the flesh of a corrupted heart. Shak.  3. To set out; to commence a course, as a race or journey; to begin; as, to start business. At once they start, advancing in a line. Dryden. At intervals some bird from out the brakes Starts into voice a moment, then is still. Byron.  4. To become somewhat displaced or loosened; as, a rivet or a seam may start under strain or pressure. To start after, to set out after; to follow; to pursue.  -- To start against, to act as a rival candidate against.  -- To start for, to be a candidate for, as an office.  -- To start up, to rise suddenly, as from a seat or couch; to come suddenly into notice or importance.  START Start, v. t.  1. To cause to move suddenly; to disturb suddenly; to startle; to alarm; to rouse; to cause to flee or fly; as, the hounds started a fox. Upon malicious bravery dost thou come To start my quiet Shak. Brutus will start a spirit as soon as Cæsar. Shak.  2. To bring onto being or into view; to originate; to invent. Sensual men agree in the pursuit of every pleasure they can start. Sir W. Temple.  3. To cause to move or act; to set going, running, or flowing; as, to start a railway train; to start a mill; to start a stream of water; to start a rumor; to start a business. I was engaged in conversation upon a subject which the people love to start in discourse. Addison.  4. To move suddenly from its place or position; to displace or loosen; to dislocate; as, to start a bone; the storm started the bolts in the vessel. One, by a fall in wrestling, started the end of the clavicle from the sternum. Wiseman.  5. Etym: [Perh. from D. storten, which has this meaning also.] (Naut.)  Defn: To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from; as, to start a water cask.  START Start, n.  1. The act of starting; a sudden spring, leap, or motion, caused by surprise, fear, pain, or the like; any sudden motion, or beginning of motion. The fright awakened Arcite with a start. Dryden.  2. A convulsive motion, twitch, or spasm; a spasmodic effort. For she did speak in starts distractedly. Shak. Nature does nothing by starts and leaps, or in a hurry. L'Estrange.  3. A sudden, unexpected movement; a sudden and capricious impulse; a sally; as, starts of fancy. To check the starts and sallies of the soul. Addison.  4. The beginning, as of a journey or a course of action; first motion from a place; act of setting out; the outset; -- opposed to finish. The start of first performance is all. Bacon. I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips, Straining upon the start. Shak. At a start, at once; in an instant. [Obs.] At a start he was betwixt them two. Chaucer. To get, or have, the start, to before another; to gain or have the advantage in a similar undertaking; -- usually with of. "Get the start of the majestic world." Shak. "She might have forsaken him if he had not got the start of her." Dryden.  START Start, n. Etym: [OE. stert a tail, AS. steort; akin to LG. stert, steert, D. staart, G. sterz, Icel. stertr, Dan. stiert, Sw. stjert. *166. Cf. Stark naked, under Stark, Start, v. i.]  1. A tail, or anything projecting like a tail.  2. The handle, or tail, of a plow; also, any long handle. [Prov. Eng.]  3. The curved or inclined front and bottom of a water-wheel bucket.  4. (Mining)  Defn: The arm, or level, of a gin, drawn around by a horse. 
grieving   Griev"ing, a.  Defn: Sad; sorrowful; causing grief.  -- n.  Defn: The act of causing grief; the state of being grieved.  -- Griev'ing-ly, adv. Shak. 
post   Post, a. Etym: [F. aposter to place in a post or position, generally for a bad purpose.]  Defn: Hired to do what is wrong; suborned. [Obs.] Sir E. Sandys.  POST Post, n. Etym: [AS., fr. L. postis, akin to ponere, positum, to place. See Position, and cf. 4th Post.]  1. A piece of timber, metal, or other solid substance, fixed, or to be fixed, firmly in an upright position, especially when intended as a stay or support to something else; a pillar; as, a hitching post; a fence post; the posts of a house. They shall take of the blood, and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper doorpost of the houses. Ex. xii. 7. Then by main force pulled up, and on his shoulders bore, The gates of Azza, post and massy bar. Milton. Unto his order he was a noble post. Chaucer.  Note: Post, in the sense of an upright timber or strut, is used in composition, in such words as king-post, queen-post, crown-post, gatepost, etc.  2. The doorpost of a victualer's shop or inn, on which were chalked the scores of customers; hence, a score; a debt. [Obs.] When God sends coin I will discharge your post. S. Rowlands. From pillar to post. See under Pillar.  -- Knight of the post. See under Knight.  -- Post hanger (Mach.), a bearing for a revolving shaft, adapted to be fastened to a post.  -- Post hole, a hole in the ground to set the foot of a post in.  -- Post mill, a form of windmill so constructed that the whole fabric rests on a vertical axis firmly fastened to the ground, and capable of being turned as the direction of the wind varies.  -- Post and stall (Coal Mining), a mode of working in which pillars of coal are left to support the roof of the mine.  POST Post, n. Etym: [F. poste, LL. posta station, post (where horses were kept), properly, a fixed or set place, fem. fr. L. positus placed, p. p. of ponere. See Position, and cf. Post a pillar.]  1. The place at which anything is stopped, placed, or fixed; a station. Specifically: (a) A station, or one of a series of stations, established for the refreshment and accommodation of travelers on some recognized route; as, a stage or railway post. (b) A military station; the place at which a soldier or a body of troops is stationed; also, the troops at such a station. (c) The piece of ground to which a sentinel's walk is limited.  2. A messenger who goes from station; an express; especially, one who is employed by the government to carry letters and parcels regularly from one place to another; a letter carrier; a postman. In certain places there be always fresh posts, to carry that further which is brought unto them by the other. Abp. Abbot. I fear my Julia would not deign my lines, Receiving them from such a worthless post. Shak.  3. An established conveyance for letters from one place or station to another; especially, the governmental system in any country for carrying and distributing letters and parcels; the post office; the mail; hence, the carriage by which the mail is transported. I send you the fair copy of the poem on dullness, which I should not care to hazard by the common post. Pope.  4. Haste or speed, like that of a messenger or mail carrier. [Obs.] "In post he came." Shak.  5. One who has charge of a station, especially of a postal station. [Obs.] He held office of postmaster, or, as it was then called, post, for several years. Palfrey.  6. A station, office, or position of service, trust, or emolument; as, the post of duty; the post of danger. The post of honor is a private station. Addison.  7. A size of printing and writing paper. See the Table under Paper. Post and pair, an old game at cards, in which each player a hand of three cards. B. Jonson.  -- Post bag, a mail bag.  -- Post bill, a bill of letters mailed by a postmaster.  -- Post chaise, or Post coach, a carriage usually with four wheels, for the conveyance of travelers who travel post. Post day, a day on which the mall arrives or departs.  -- Post hackney, a hired post horse. Sir H. Wotton.  -- Post horn, a horn, or trumpet, carried and blown by a carrier of the public mail, or by a coachman.  -- Post horse, a horse stationed, intended, or used for the post.  -- Post hour, hour for posting letters. Dickens.  -- Post office. (a) An office under governmental superintendence, where letters, papers, and other mailable matter, are received and distributed; a place appointed for attending to all business connected with the mail. (b) The governmental system for forwarding mail matter.  -- Postoffice order. See Money order, under Money.  -- Post road, or Post route, a road or way over which the mail is carried.  -- Post town. (a) A town in which post horses are kept. (b) A town in which a post office is established by law.  -- To ride post, to ride, as a carrier of dispatches, from place to place; hence, to ride rapidly, with as little delay as possible.  -- To travel post, to travel, as a post does, by relays of horses, or by keeping one carriage to which fresh horses are attached at each stopping place.  POST Post, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Posted; p. pr. & vb. n. Posting.]  1. To attach to a post, a wall, or other usual place of affixing public notices; to placard; as, to post a notice; to post playbills.  Note: Formerly, a large post was erected before the sheriff's office, or in some public place, upon which legal notices were displayed. This way of advertisement has not entirely gone of use.  2. To hold up to public blame or reproach; to advertise opprobriously; to denounce by public proclamation; as, to post one for cowardice. On pain of being posted to your sorrow Fail not, at four, to meet me. Granville.  3. To enter (a name) on a list, as for service, promotion, or the like.  4. To assign to a station; to set; to place; as, to post a sentinel. "It might be to obtain a ship for a lieutenant, . . . or to get him posted." De Quincey.  5. (Bookkeeping)  Defn: To carry, as an account, from the journal to the ledger; as, to post an account; to transfer, as accounts, to the ledger. You have not posted your books these ten years. Arbuthnot.  6. To place in the care of the post; to mail; as, to post a letter.  7. To inform; to give the news to; to make (one) acquainted with the details of a subject; -- often with up. Thoroughly posted up in the politics and literature of the day. Lond. Sat. Rev. To post off, to put off; to delay. [Obs.] "Why did I, venturously, post off so great a business" Baxter.  -- To post over, to hurry over. [Obs.] Fuller.  POST Post, v. i. Etym: [Cf. OF. poster. See 4th Post.]  1. To travel with post horses; figuratively, to travel in haste. "Post seedily to my lord your husband." Shak. And post o'er land and ocean without rest. Milton.  2. (Man.)  Defn: To rise and sink in the saddle, in accordance with the motion of the horse, esp. in trotting. [Eng.]  POST Post, adv.  Defn: With post horses; hence, in haste; as, to travel post.  POST-ABDOMEN Post`-ab*do"men, n. Etym: [Pref. post- + abdomen.] (Zoöl.)  Defn: That part of a crustacean behind the cephalothorax; -- more commonly called abdomen. 
grotesque   Gro*tesque", a. Etym: [F., fr. It. grottesco, fr. grotta grotto. See Grotto.]  Defn: Like the figures found in ancient grottoes; grottolike; wildly or strangely formed; whimsical; extravagant; of irregular forms and proportions; fantastic; ludicrous; antic. "Grotesque design." Dryden. "Grotesque incidents." Macaulay.  GROTESQUE Gro*tesque, n.  1. A whimsical figure, or scene, such as is found in old crypts and grottoes. Dryden.  2. Artificial grotto-work. 
disarm   Dis*arm", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Disarming; p. pr. & vb. n. Disarming.] Etym: [OE. desarmen, F. désarmer; pref. dés- (L. dis-) + armer to arm. See Arm.]  1. To deprive of arms; to take away the weapons of; to deprive of the means of attack or defense; to render defenseless. Security disarms the best-appointed army. Fuller. The proud was half disarmed of pride. Tennyson.  2. To deprive of the means or the disposition to harm; to render harmless or innocuous; as, to disarm a man's wrath. 
expect   Ex*pect", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Expected; p. pr. & vb. n. Expecting.] Etym: [L. expectatum, to look out for, await, expect; ex + out spectare to look at. See Spectacle.]  1. To wait for; to await. [Obs.] Let's in, and there expect their coming. Shak.  2. To look for (mentally); to look forward to, as to something that is believed to be about to happen or come; to have a previous apprehension of, whether of good or evil; to look for with some confidence; to anticipate; -- often followed by an infinitive, sometimes by a clause (with, or without, that); as I expect to receive wages; I expect that the troops will be defeated. "Good: I will expect you." Shak. "Expecting thy reply." Shak. The Somersetshire or yellow regiment . . . was expected to arrive on the following day. Macaulay.  Syn.  -- To anticipate; look for; await; hope.  -- To Expect, Think, Believe, Await. Expect is a mental act and has aways a reference to the future, to some coming event; as a person expects to die, or he expects to survive. Think and believe have reference to the past and present, as well as to the future; as I think the mail has arrived; I believe he came home yesterday, that he is he is at home now. There is a not uncommon use of expect, which is a confusion of the two; as, I expect the mail has arrived; I expect he is at home. This misuse should be avoided. Await is a physical or moral act. We await that which, when it comes, will affect us personally. We expect what may, or may not, interest us personally. See Anticipate.  EXPECT Ex*pect", v. t.  Defn: To wait; to stay. [Obs.] Sandys.  EXPECT Ex*pect", n.  Defn: Expectation. [Obs.] Shak. 
cooperative  Word is not found.
rude   Rude, a. [Compar. Ruder; superl. Rudest.] Etym: [F., fr. L. rudis.]  1. Characterized by roughness; umpolished; raw; lacking delicacy or refinement; coarse. Such gardening tools as art, yet rude, . . . had formed. Milton.  2. Hence, specifically: (a) Unformed by taste or skill; not nicely finished; not smoothed or polished; -- said especially of material things; as, rude workmanship. "Rude was the cloth." Chaucer. Rude and unpolished stones. Bp. Stillingfleet. The heaven-born child All meanly wrapt in the rude manger lies. Milton.  (b) Of untaught manners; unpolished; of low rank; uncivil; clownish; ignorant; raw; unskillful; -- said of persons, or of conduct, skill, and the like. "Mine ancestors were rude." Chaucer. He was but rude in the profession of arms. Sir H. Wotton. the rude forefathers of the hamlet sleep. Gray.  (c) Violent; tumultuous; boisterous; inclement; harsh; severe; -- said of the weather, of storms, and the like; as, the rude winter. [Clouds] pushed with winds, rude in their shock. Milton. The rude agitation [of water] breaks it into foam. Boyle.  (d) Barbarous; fierce; bloody; impetuous; -- said of war, conflict, and the like; as, the rude shock of armies. (e) Not finished or complete; inelegant; lacking chasteness or elegance; not in good taste; unsatisfactory in mode of treatment; -- said of literature, language, style, and the like. "The rude Irish books." Spenser. Rude am I in my speech. Shak. Unblemished by my rude translation. Dryden.  Syn.  -- Impertinent; rough; uneven; shapeless; unfashioned; rugged; artless; unpolished; uncouth; inelegant; rustic; coarse; vulgar; clownish; raw; unskillful; untaught; illiterate; ignorant; uncivil; impolite; saucy; impudent; insolent; surly; currish; churlish; brutal; uncivilized; barbarous; savage; violent; fierce; tumultuous; turbulent; impetuous; boisterous; harsh; inclement; severe. See Impertiment.  -- Rude"ly, adv.  -- Rude"ness, n. 
general   Gen"er*al, a. Etym: [F. général, fr. L. generalis. See Genus.]  1. Relating to a genus or kind; pertaining to a whole class or order; as, a general law of animal or vegetable economy.  2. Comprehending many species or individuals; not special or particular; including all particulars; as, a general inference or conclusion.  3. Not restrained or limited to a precise import; not specific; vague; indefinite; lax in signification; as, a loose and general expression.  4. Common to many, or the greatest number; widely spread; prevalent; extensive, though not universal; as, a general opinion; a general custom. This general applause and cheerful sShak.  5. Having a relation to all; common to the whole; as, Adam, our general sire. Milton.  6. As a whole; in gross; for the most part. His general behavior vain, ridiculous. Shak.  7. Usual; common, on most occasions; as, his general habit or method.  Note: The word general, annexed to a name of office, usually denotes chief or superior; as, attorney-general; adjutant general; commissary general; quartermaster general; vicar-general, etc. General agent (Law), an agent whom a principal employs to transact all his business of a particular kind, or to act in his affairs generally.  -- General assembly. See the Note under Assembly.  -- General average, General Court. See under Average, Court.  -- General court-martial (Mil.), the highest military and naval judicial tribunal.  -- General dealer (Com.), a shopkeeper who deals in all articles in common use.  -- General demurrer (Law), a demurrer which objects to a pleading in general terms, as insufficient, without specifying the defects. Abbott.  -- General epistle, a canonical epistle.  -- General guides (Mil.), two sergeants (called the right, and the left, general guide) posted opposite the right and left flanks of an infantry battalion, to preserve accuracy in marching. Farrow.  -- General hospitals (Mil.), hospitals established to receive sick and wounded sent from the field hospitals. Farrow. General issue (Law), an issue made by a general plea, which traverses the whole declaration or indictment at once, without offering any special matter to evade it. Bouvier. Burrill.  -- General lien (Law), a right to detain a chattel, etc., until payment is made of any balance due on a general account.  -- General officer (Mil.), any officer having a rank above that of colonel.  -- General orders (Mil.), orders from headquarters published to the whole command.  -- General practitioner, in the United States, one who practices medicine in all its branches without confining himself to any specialty; in England, one who practices both as physician and as surgeon.  -- General ship, a ship not chartered or let to particular parties.  -- General term (Logic), a term which is the sign of a general conception or notion.  -- General verdict (Law), the ordinary comprehensive verdict in civil actions, "for the plaintiff" or "for the defendant". Burrill.  -- General warrant (Law), a warrant, now illegal, to apprehend suspected persons, without naming individuals.  Syn. General, Common, Universal. Common denotes primarily that in which many share; and hence, that which is often met with. General is stronger, denoting that which pertains to a majority of the individuals which compose a genus, or whole. Universal, that which pertains to all without exception. To be able to read and write is so common an attainment in the United States, that we may pronounce it general, though by no means universal.  Syn: Gen"er*al, n. Etym: [F. général. See General., a.]  1. The whole; the total; that which comprehends or relates to all, or the chief part; -- opposed to particular. In particulars our knowledge begins, and so spreads itself by degrees to generals. Locke.  2. (Mil.)  Defn: One of the chief military officers of a government or country; the commander of an army, of a body of men not less than a brigade. In European armies, the highest military rank next below field marshal.  Note: In the United States the office of General of the Army has been created by temporary laws, and has been held only by Generals U. S. Grant, W. T. Sherman, and P. H. Sheridan. Popularly, the title General is given to various general officers, as General, Lieutenant general, Major general, Brigadier general, Commissary general, etc. See Brigadier general, Lieutenant general, Major general, in the Vocabulary.  3. (Mil.)  Defn: The roll of the drum which calls the troops together; as, to beat the general.  4. (Eccl.)  Defn: The chief of an order of monks, or of all the houses or congregations under the same rule.  5. The public; the people; the vulgar. [Obs.] Shak. In general, in the main; for the most part. 
brush   Brush, n. Etym: [OE. brusche, OF. broche, broce, brosse, brushwood, F. brosse brush, LL. brustia, bruscia, fr. OHG. brusta, brust, bristle, G. borste bristle, bürste brush. See Bristle, n., and cf. Browse.]  1. An instrument composed of bristles, or other like material, set in a suitable back or handle, as of wood, bone, or ivory, and used for various purposes, as in removing dust from clothes, laying on colors, etc. Brushes have different shapes and names according to their use; as, clothes brush, paint brush, tooth brush, etc.  2. The bushy tail of a fox.  3. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A tuft of hair on the mandibles.  4. Branches of trees lopped off; brushwood.  5. A thicket of shrubs or small trees; the shrubs and small trees in a wood; underbrush.  6. (Elec.)  Defn: A bundle of flexible wires or thin plates of metal, used to conduct an electrical current to or from the commutator of a dynamo, electric motor, or similar apparatus.  7. The act of brushing; as, to give one's clothes a brush; a rubbing or grazing with a quick motion; a light touch; as, we got a brush from the wheel as it passed. [As leaves] have with one winter's brush Fell from their boughts. Shak.  8. A skirmish; a slight encounter; a shock or collision; as, to have a brush with an enemy. Let grow thy sinews till their knots be strong, And tempt not yet the brushes of the war. Shak.  9. A short contest, or trial, of speed. Let us enjoy a brush across the country. Cornhill Mag. Electrical brush, a form of the electric discharge characterized by a brushlike appearance of luminous rays diverging from an electrified body.  BRUSH Brush, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Brushed; p. pr. & vb. n. Brushing.] Etym: [OE. bruschen; cf. F. brosser. See Brush, n.]  1. To apply a brush to, according to its particular use; to rub, smooth, clean, paint, etc., with a brush. "A' brushes his hat o' mornings." Shak.  2. To touch in passing, or to pass lightly over, as with a brush. Some spread their sailes, some with strong oars sweep The waters smooth, and brush the buxom wave. Fairfax. Brushed with the kiss of rustling wings. Milton.  3. To remove or gather by brushing, or by an act like that of brushing, or by passing lightly over, as wind; -- commonly with off. As wicked dew as e'er my mother brushed With raven's feather from unwholesome fen. Shak. And from the boughts brush off the evil dew. Milton. To brush aside, to remove from one's way, as with a brush.  -- To brush away, to remove, as with a brush or brushing motion.  -- To brush up, to paint, or make clean or bright with a brush; to cleanse or improve; to renew. You have commissioned me to paint your shop, and I have done my best to brush you up like your neighbors. Pope.  BRUSH Brush, v. i.  Defn: To move nimbly in haste; to move so lightly as scarcely to be perceived; as, to brush by. Snatching his hat, he brushed off like the wind. Goldsmith. 
event   E*vent", n. Etym: [L. eventus, fr. evenire to happen, come out; e out + venire to come. See Come.]  1. That which comes, arrives, or happens; that which falls out; any incident, good or bad. "The events of his early years." Macaulay. To watch quietly the course of events. Jowett (Thucyd. ) There is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked. Eccl. ix. 2.  2. An affair in hand; business; enterprise. [Obs.] "Leave we him to his events." Shak.  3. The consequence of anything; the issue; conclusion; result; that in which an action, operation, or series of operations, terminates. Dark doubts between the promise and event. Young.  Syn.  -- Incident; occurrence; adventure; issue; result; termination; consequence; conclusion.  -- Event, Occurrence, Incident, Circumstance. An event denotes that which arises from a preceding state of things. Hence we speak or watching the event; of tracing the progress of events. An occurrence has no reference to any antecedents, but simply marks that which meets us in our progress through life, as if by chance, or in the course of divine providence. The things which thus meet us, if important, are usually connected with antecedents; and hence event is the leading term. In the "Declaration of Independence" it is said, "When, in the cource of human events, it becomes necessary." etc. Here, occurrences would be out of place. An incident is that which falls into a state of things to which is does not primarily belong; as, the incidents of a journey. The term is usually applied to things of secondary importance. A circumstance is one of the things surrounding us in our path of life. These may differ greatly in importance; but they are always outsiders, which operate upon us from without, exerting greater or less influence according to their intrinsic importance. A person giving an account of a campaign might dwell on the leading events which it produced; might mention some of its striking occurrences; might allude to some remarkable incidents which attended it; and might give the details of the favorable or adverse circumstances which marked its progress.  EVENT E*vent", v. t. Etym: [F. éventer to fan, divulge, LL. eventare to fan, fr., L. e out + ventus wind.]  Defn: To break forth. [Obs.] B. Jonson. 
new   New, a. [Compar. Newer; superl. Newest.] Etym: [OE. OE. newe, AS. niwe, neowe; akin to D. nieuw, OS. niwi, OHG. niuwi, G. neu, Icel. n, Dan. & Sw. ny, Goth. niujis, Lith. naujas, Russ. novuii, Ir. nua, nuadh, Gael. nuadh, W. newydd, Armor. nevez, L. novus, gr. nava, and prob. to E. now. Now, and cf. Announce, Innovate, Neophyte, Novel.]  1. Having existed, or having been made, but a short time; having originated or occured lately; having recently come into existence, or into one's possession; not early or long in being; of late origin; recent; fresh; modern; -- opposed to old, as, a new coat; a new house; a new book; a new fashion. "Your new wife." Chaucer.  2. Not before seen or known, although existing before; lately manifested; recently discovered; as, a new metal; a new planet; new scenes.  3. Newly beginning or recurring; starting anew; now commencing; different from has been; as, a new year; a new course or direction.  4. As if lately begun or made; having the state or quality of original freshness; also, changed for the better; renovated; unworn; untried; unspent; as, rest and travel made him a new man. Steadfasty purposing to lead a new life. Bk. of Com. Prayer. Men after long emaciating diets, fat, and almost new. Bacon.  5. Not of ancient extraction, or of a family of ancient descent; not previously kniwn or famous. Addison.  6. Not habituated; not familiar; unaccustomed. New to the plow, unpracticed in the trace. Pope.  7. Fresh from anything; newly come. New from her sickness to that northern air. Dryden. New birth. See under Birth.  -- New Church, or New Jerusalem Church, the church holding the doctrines taught by Emanuel Swedenborg. See Swedenborgian.  -- New heart (Theol.), a heart or character changed by the power of God, so as to be governed by new and holy motives.  -- New land, land ckeared and cultivated for the first time.  -- New light. (Zoöl.) See Crappie.  -- New moon. (a) The moon in its first quarter, or when it first appears after being invisible. (b) The day when the new moon is first seen; the first day of the lunar month, which was a holy day among the Jews. 2 Kings iv. 23.  -- New Red Sandstone (Geol.), an old name for the formation immediately above the coal measures or strata, now divided into the Permian and Trias. See Sandstone.  -- New style. See Style.  -- New testament. See under Testament.  -- New world, the land of the Western Hemisphere; -- so called because not known to the inhabitants of the Eastern Hemisphere until recent times.  Syn.  -- Novel; recent; fresh; modern. See Novel.  NEW New, adv.  Defn: Newly; recently. Chaucer.  Note: New is much used in composition, adverbially, in the sense of newly, recently, to quality other words, as in new-born, new-formed, new-found, new-mown. Of new, anew. [Obs.] Chaucer.  NEW New, v. t. & i.  Defn: To make new; to renew. [Obs.] 
record   Re*cord" (r*krd"), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Recorded; p. pr. & vb. n. Recording.] Etym: [OE. recorden to repeat, remind, F. recorder, fr. L. recordari to remember; pref. re- re- + cor, cordis, the heart or mind. See Cordial, Heart.]  1. To recall to mind; to recollect; to remember; to meditate. [Obs.] "I it you record." Chaucer.  2. To repeat; to recite; to sing or play. [Obs.] They longed to see the day, to hear the lark Record her hymns, and chant her carols blest. Fairfax.  3. To preserve the memory of, by committing to writing, to printing, to inscription, or the like; to make note of; to write or enter in a book or on parchment, for the purpose of preserving authentic evidence of; to register; to enroll; as, to record the proceedings of a court; to record historical events. Those things that are recorded of him . . . are written in the chronicles of the kings. 1 Esd. i. 42. To record a deed, mortgage, lease, etc., to have a copy of the same entered in the records of the office designated by law, for the information of the public.  RECORD Re*cord", v. i.  1. To reflect; to ponder. [Obs.] Praying all the way, and recording upon the words which he before had read. Fuller.  2. To sing or repeat a tune. [Obs.] Shak. Whether the birds or she recorded best. W. Browne.  RECORD Rec"ord (rk"rd), n. Etym: [OF. recort, record, remembrance, attestation, record. See Record, v. t.]  1. A writing by which same act or event, or a number of acts or events, is recorded; a register; as, a record of the acts of the Hebrew kings; a record of the variations of temperature during a certain time; a family record.  2. Especially: (a) An official contemporaneous writing by which the acts of some public body, or public officer, are recorded; as, a record of city ordinances; the records of the receiver of taxes. (b) An authentic official copy of a document which has been entered in a book, or deposited in the keeping of some officer designated by law. (c) An official contemporaneous memorandum stating the proceedings of a court of justice; a judicial record. (d) The various legal papers used in a case, together with memoranda of the proceedings of the court; as, it is not permissible to allege facts not in the record.  3. Testimony; witness; attestation. John bare record, saying. John i. 32 .  4. That which serves to perpetuate a knowledge of acts or events; a monument; a memorial.  5. That which has been, or might be, recorded; the known facts in the course, progress, or duration of anything, as in the life of a public man; as, a politician with a good or a bad record.  6. That which has been publicly achieved in any kind of competitive sport as recorded in some authoritative manner, as the time made by a winning horse in a race. Court of record (pron. rin Eng.), a court whose acts and judicial proceedings are written on parchment or in books for a perpetual memorial.  -- Debt of record, a debt which appears to be due by the evidence of a court of record, as upon a judgment or a cognizance.  -- Trial by record, a trial which is had when a matter of record is pleaded, and the opposite party pleads that there is no such record. In this case the trial is by inspection of the record itself, no other evidence being admissible. Blackstone.  -- To beat, or break, the record (Sporting), to surpass any performance of like kind as authoritatively recorded; as, to break the record in a walking match. 
steady   Stead"y, a. [Compar. Steadier; superl. Steadiest.] Etym: [Cf. AS. stedig sterile, barren, stæ, steady (in gestæ), D. stedig, stadig, steeg, G. stätig, stetig. See Stead, n.]  1. Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed; firm. "The softest, steadiest plume." Keble. Their feet steady, their hands diligent, their eyes watchful, and their hearts resolute. Sir P. Sidney.  2. Constant in feeling, purpose, or pursuit; not fickle, changeable, or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose; resolute; as, a man steady in his principles, in his purpose, or in the pursuit of an object.  3. Regular; constant; undeviating; uniform; as, the steady course of the sun; a steady breeze of wind.  Syn.  -- Fixed; regular; uniform; undeviating; invariable; unremitted; stable. Steady rest (Mach), a rest in a turning lathe, to keep a long piece of work from trembling.  STEADY Stead"y, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Steadied; p. pr. & vb. n. Steadying.]  Defn: To make steady; to hold or keep from shaking, reeling, or falling; to make or keep firm; to support; to make constant, regular, or resolute.  STEADY Stead"y, v. i.  Defn: To become steady; to regain a steady position or state; to move steadily. Without a breeze, without a tide, She steadies with upright keel. Coleridge. 
digestion   Di*ges"tion, n. Etym: [F. digestion, L. digestio.]  1. The act or process of digesting; reduction to order; classification; thoughtful consideration.  2. (Physiol.)  Defn: The conversion of food, in the stomach and intestines, into soluble and diffusible products, capable of being absorbed by the blood.  3. (Med.)  Defn: Generation of pus; suppuration. 
cheap   Cheap, n. Etym: [AS. ceáp bargain, sale, price; akin to D. Koop purchase, G. Kauf, ICel. kaup bargain. Cf. Cheapen, Chapman, Chaffer, Cope, v. i.]  Defn: A bargain; a purchase; cheapness. [Obs.] The sack that thou hast drunk me would have bought me lights as good cheap at the dearest chandler's in Europe. Shak.  CHEAP Cheap, a. Etym: [Abbrev. fr. "good cheap": a good purchase or bargain; cf. F. bon marché, à bon marché. See Cheap, n., Cheapen.]  1. Having a low price in market; of small cost or price, as compared with the usual price or the real value. Where there are a great sellers to a few buyers, there the thing to be sold will be cheap. Locke.  2. Of comparatively small value; common; mean. You grow cheap in every subject's eye. Dryden. Dog cheap, very cheap, -- a phrase formed probably by the catachrestical transposition of good cheap. [Colloq.]  CHEAP Cheap, adv.  Defn: Cheaply. Milton.  CHEAP Cheap, v. i.  Defn: To buy; to bargain. [Obs.] Chaucer. 
window   Win"dow, n. Etym: [OE. windowe, windoge, Icel. vindauga window, properly, wind eye; akin to Dan. vindue. Wind, n., and Eye.]  1. An opening in the wall of a building for the admission of light and air, usually closed by casements or sashes containing some transparent material, as glass, and capable of being opened and shut at pleasure. I leaped from the window of the citadel. Shak. Then to come, in spite of sorrow, And at my window bid good morrow. Milton.  2. (Arch.)  Defn: The shutter, casement, sash with its fittings, or other framework, which closes a window opening.  3. A figure formed of lines crossing each other. [R.] Till he has windows on his bread and butter. King.  French window (Arch.), a casement window in two folds, usually reaching to the floor; -- called also French casement.  -- Window back (Arch.), the inside face of the low, and usually thin, piece of wall between the window sill and the floor below.  -- Window blind, a blind or shade for a window.  -- Window bole, part of a window closed by a shutter which can be opened at will. [Scot.] -- Window box, one of the hollows in the sides of a window frame for the weights which counterbalance a lifting sash.  -- Window frame, the frame of a window which receives and holds the sashes or casement.  -- Window glass, panes of glass for windows; the kind of glass used in windows.  -- Window martin (Zoöl.), the common European martin. [Prov. Eng.] - - Window oyster (Zoöl.), a marine bivalve shell (Placuna placenta) native of the East Indies and China. Its valves are very broad, thin, and translucent, and are said to have been used formerly in place of glass.  -- Window pane. (a) (Arch.) See Pane, n., 3 (b). (b) (Zoöl.) See Windowpane, in the Vocabulary.  -- Window sash, the sash, or light frame, in which panes of glass are set for windows.  -- Window seat, a seat arranged in the recess of a window. See Window stool, under Stool.  -- Window shade, a shade or blind for a window; usually, one that is hung on a roller.  -- Window shell (Zoöl.), the window oyster.  -- Window shutter, a shutter or blind used to close or darken windows.  -- Window sill (Arch.), the flat piece of wood, stone, or the like, at the bottom of a window frame.  -- Window swallow (Zoöl.), the common European martin. [Prov. Eng.] -- Window tax, a tax or duty formerly levied on all windows, or openings for light, above the number of eight in houses standing in cities or towns. [Eng.]  WINDOW Win"dow, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Windowed; p. pr. & vb. n. Windowing.]  1. To furnish with windows.  2. To place at or in a window. [R.] Wouldst thou be windowed in great Rome and see Thy master thus with pleach'd arms, bending down His corrigible neck Shak. 
bone   Bone, n. Etym: [OE. bon, ban, AS. ban; akin to Icel. bein, Sw. ben, Dan. & D. been, G. bein bone, leg; cf. Icel. beinn straight.]  1. (Anat.)  Defn: The hard, calcified tissue of the skeleton of vertebrate animals, consisting very largely of calcic carbonate, calcic phosphate, and gelatine; as, blood and bone.  Note: Even in the hardest parts of bone there are many minute cavities containing living matter and connected by minute canals, some of which connect with larger canals through which blood vessels ramify.  2. One of the pieces or parts of an animal skeleton; as, a rib or a thigh bone; a bone of the arm or leg; also, any fragment of bony substance. (pl.) The frame or skeleton of the body.  3. Anything made of bone, as a bobbin for weaving bone lace.  4. pl.  Defn: Two or four pieces of bone held between the fingers and struck together to make a kind of music.  5. pl.  Defn: Dice.  6. Whalebone; hence, a piece of whalebone or of steel for a corset.  7. Fig.: The framework of anything. A bone of contention, a subject of contention or dispute.  -- A bone to pick, something to investigate, or to busy one's self about; a dispute to be settled (with some one).  -- Bone ash, the residue from calcined bones; -- used for making cupels, and for cleaning jewelry.  -- Bone black (Chem.), the black, carbonaceous substance into which bones are converted by calcination in close vessels; -- called also animal charcoal. It is used as a decolorizing material in filtering sirups, extracts, etc., and as a black pigment. See Ivory black, under Black.  -- Bone cave, a cave in which are found bones of extinct or recent animals, mingled sometimes with the works and bones of man. Am. Cyc.  -- Bone dust, ground or pulverized bones, used as a fertilizer.  -- Bone earth (Chem.), the earthy residuum after the calcination of bone, consisting chiefly of phosphate of calcium.  -- Bone lace, a lace made of linen thread, so called because woven with bobbins of bone.  -- Bone oil, an oil obtained by, heating bones (as in the manufacture of bone black), and remarkable for containing the nitrogenous bases, pyridine and quinoline, and their derivatives; -- also called Dippel's oil.  -- Bone setter. Same as Bonesetter. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Bone shark (Zoöl.), the basking shark.  -- Bone spavin. See under Spavin.  -- Bone turquoise, fossil bone or tooth of a delicate blue color, sometimes used as an imitation of true turquoise.  -- Bone whale (Zoöl.), a right whale.  -- To be upon the bones of, to attack. [Obs.] -- To make no bones, to make no scruple; not to hesitate. [Low] -- To pick a bone with, to quarrel with, as dogs quarrel over a bone; to settle a disagreement. [Colloq.]  BONE Bone, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Boned (; p. pr. & vb. n. Boning.]  1. To withdraw bones from the flesh of, as in cookery. "To bone a turkey." Soyer.  2. To put whalebone into; as, to bone stays. Ash.  3. To fertilize with bone.  4. To steal; to take possession of. [Slang]  BONE Bone, v. t. Etym: [F. bornoyer to look at with one eye, to sight, fr. borgne one-eyed.]  Defn: To sight along an object or set of objects, to see if it or they be level or in line, as in carpentry, masonry, and surveying. Knight. Joiners, etc., bone their work with two straight edges. W. M. Buchanan. 
scream   Scream, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Screamed; p. pr. & vb. n. Screaming.] Etym: [Icel. skræma to scare, terrify; akin to Sw. skräma, Dan. skræmme. Cf. Screech.]  Defn: To cry out with a shrill voice; to utter a sudden, sharp outcry, or shrill, loud cry, as in fright or extreme pain; to shriek; to screech. I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry. Shak. And scream thyself as none e'er screamed before. Pope.  SCREAM Scream, n.  Defn: A sharp, shrill cry, uttered suddenly, as in terror or in pain; a shriek; a screech. "Screams of horror." Pope. 
blink   Blink, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Blinked; p. pr. & vb. n. Blinking.] Etym: [OE. blenken; akin to dan. blinke, Sw. blinka, G. blinken to shine, glance, wink, twinkle, D. blinken to shine; and prob. to D. blikken to glance, twinkle, G. blicken to look, glance, AS. blican to shine, E. bleak. sq. root98. See Bleak; cf. 1st Blench.]  1. To wink; to twinkle with, or as with, the eye. One eye was blinking, and one leg was lame. Pope  2. To see with the eyes half shut, or indistinctly and with frequent winking, as a person with weak eyes. Show me thy chink, to blink through with mine eyne. Shak.  3. To shine, esp. with intermittent light; to twinkle; to flicker; to glimmer, as a lamp. The dew was falling fast, the stars began to blink. Wordsworth. The sun blinked fair on pool and stream . Sir W. Scott.  4. To turn slightly sour, as beer, mild, etc.  BLINK Blink, v. t.  1. To shut out of sight; to avoid, or purposely evade; to shirk; as, to blink the question.  2. To trick; to deceive. [Scot.] Jamieson.  BLINK Blink, n. Etym: [OE. blink. See Blink, v. i. ]  1. A glimpse or glance. This is the first blink that ever I had of him. Bp. Hall.  2. Gleam; glimmer; sparkle. Sir W. Scott. Not a blink of light was there. Wordsworth.  3. (Naut.)  Defn: The dazzling whiteness about the horizon caused by the reflection of light from fields of ice at sea; ice blink.  4. pl. Etym: [Cf. Blencher.] (Sporting)  Defn: Boughs cast where deer are to pass, to turn or check them. [Prov. Eng.] 
fluttering  
nervous   Nerv"ous, a. Etym: [L. nervosus sinewy, vigorous: cf. F. nerveux. See Nerve.]  1. possessing nerve; sinewy; strong; vigorous. "Nervous arms." Pope.  2. Possessing or manifesting vigor of mind; characterized by strength in sentiment or style; forcible; spirited; as, a nervous writer.  3. Of or pertaining to the nerves; seated in the nerves; as, nervous excitement; a nervous fever.  4. Having the nerves weak, diseased, or easily excited; subject to, or suffering from, undue excitement of the nerves; easily agitated or annoyed. Poor, weak, nervous creatures. Cheyne.  5. Sensitive; excitable; timid. Our aristocratic class does not firmly protest against the unfair treatment of Irish Catholics, because it is nervous about the land. M. Arnold. Nervous fever (Med.), a low form of fever characterized by great disturbance of the nervous system, as evinced by delirium, or stupor, disordered sensibility, etc.  -- Nervous system (Anat.), the specialized coördinating apparatus which endows animals with sensation and volition. In vertebrates it is often divided into three systems: the central, brain and spinal cord; the peripheral, cranial and spinal nerves; and the sympathetic. See Brain, Nerve, Spinal cord, under Spinal, and Sympathetic system, under Sympathetic, and Illust. in Appendix.  -- Nervous temperament, a condition of body characterized by a general predominance of mental manifestations. Mayne. 
godly   God"ly, a. Etym: [God, n. + -ly. Cf. Godlike, Like.]  Defn: Pious; reverencing God, and his character and laws; obedient to the commands of God from love for, and reverence of, his character; conformed to God's law; devout; righteous; as, a godly life. For godly sorrow worketh repentance. 2 Cor. vii. 10.  GODLY God"ly, adv.  Defn: Piously; devoutly; righteously. All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. 2. Tim. iii. 12. 
unbecoming   Un`be*com"ing, a. Etym: [Pref. un- not + becoming.]  Defn: Not becoming; unsuitable; unfit; indecorous; improper. My grief lets unbecoming speeches fall. Dryden. -- Un`be*com"ing*ly, adv.  -- Un`be*com"ing*ness, n. 
enthusiastic   En*thu`si*as"tic, n.  Defn: An enthusiast; a zealot. [Obs.]  ENTHYMEMATIC; ENTHYMEMATICAL En`thy*me*mat"ic, En`thy*me*mat"ic*al, a. Etym: [Gr.  Defn: Pertaining to, or of the form of, an enthymeme. 
receive   Re*ceive", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Received; p. pr. & vb. n. Receiving.] Etym: [OF. receiver, recevoir, F. recevoir, fr. L. recipere; pref. re- re- + capere to take, seize. See See Capable, Heave, and cf. Receipt, Reception, Recipe.]  1. To take, as something that is offered, given, committed, sent, paid, or the like; to accept; as, to receive money offered in payment of a debt; to receive a gift, a message, or a letter. Receyven all in gree that God us sent. Chaucer.  2. Hence: To gain the knowledge of; to take into the mind by assent to; to give admission to; to accept, as an opinion, notion, etc.; to embrace. Our hearts receive your warnings. Shak. The idea of solidity we receives by our touch. Locke.  3. To allow, as a custom, tradition, or the like; to give credence or acceptance to. Many other things there be which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots. Mark vii. 4.  4. To give admittance to; to permit to enter, as into one's house, presence, company, and the like; as, to receive a lodger, visitor, ambassador, messenger, etc. They kindled a fire, and received us every one. Acts xxviii. 2.  5. To admit; to take in; to hold; to contain; to have capacity fro; to be able to take in. The brazen altar that was before the Lord was too little to receive the burnt offerings. 1 Kings viii. 64.  6. To be affected by something; to suffer; to be subjected to; as, to receive pleasure or pain; to receive a wound or a blow; to receive damage. Against his will he can receive no harm. Milton.  7. To take from a thief, as goods known to be stolen.  8. (Lawn Tennis)  Defn: To bat back (the ball) when served. Receiving ship, one on board of which newly recruited sailors are received, and kept till drafted for service.  Syn.  -- To accept; take; allow; hold; retain; admit.  -- Receive, Accept. To receive describes simply the act of taking. To accept denotes the taking with approval, or for the purposes for which a thing is offered. Thus, we receive a letter when it comes to hand; we receive news when it reaches us; we accept a present when it is offered; we accept an invitation to dine with a friend. Who, if we knew What we receive, would either not accept Life offered, or soon beg to lay it down. Milton.  RECEIVE Re*ceive", v. i.  1. To receive visitors; to be at home to receive calls; as, she receives on Tuesdays.  2. (Lawn Tennis)  Defn: To return, or bat back, the ball when served; as, it is your turn to receive. 
slippery   Slip"per*y, a. Etym: [See Slipper, a.]  1. Having the quality opposite to adhesiveness; allowing or causing anything to slip or move smoothly, rapidly, and easily upon the surface; smooth; glib; as, oily substances render things slippery.  2. Not affording firm ground for confidence; as, a slippery promise. The slippery tops of human state. Cowley.  3. Not easily held; liable or apt to slip away. The slippery god will try to loose his hold. Dryden.  4. Liable to slip; not standing firm. Shak.  5. Unstable; changeable; mutable; uncertain; inconstant; fickle. "The slippery state of kings." Denham.  6. Uncertain in effect. L'Estrange.  7. Wanton; unchaste; loose in morals. Shak. Slippery elm. (Bot.) (a) An American tree (Ulmus fulva) with a mucilagenous and slightly aromatic inner bark which is sometimes used medicinally; also, the inner bark itself. (b) A malvaceous shrub (Fremontia Californica); -- so called on the Pacific coast. 
development   De*vel"op*ment, n. Etym: [Cf. F. développement.] [Written also developement.]  1. The act of developing or disclosing that which is unknown; a gradual unfolding process by which anything is developed, as a plan or method, or an image upon a photographic plate; gradual advancement or growth through a series of progressive changes; also, the result of developing, or a developed state. A new development of imagination, taste, and poetry. Channing.  2. (Biol.)  Defn: The series of changes which animal and vegetable organisms undergo in their passage from the embryonic state to maturity, from a lower to a higher state of organization.  3. (Math.) (a) The act or process of changing or expanding an expression into another of equivalent value or meaning. (b) The equivalent expression into which another has been developed.  4. (mus.)  Defn: The elaboration of a theme or subject; the unfolding of a musical idea; the evolution of a whole piece or movement from a leading theme or motive. Development theory (Biol.), the doctrine that animals and plants possess the power of passing by slow and successive stages from a lower to a higher state of organization, and that all the higher forms of life now in existence were thus developed by uniform laws from lower forms, and are not the result of special creative acts. See the Note under Darwinian.  Syn.  -- Unfolding; disclosure; unraveling; evolution; elaboration; growth. 
fix   Fix, a. Etym: [OE., fr. L. fixus, p.p. of figere to fix; cf. F. fixe.]  Defn: Fixed; solidified. [Obs.] Chaucer.  FIX Fix, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Fixed; p. pr. & vb. n. Fixing.] Etym: [Cf. F. fixer.]  1. To make firm, stable, or fast; to set or place permanently; to fasten immovably; to establish; to implant; to secure; to make efinite. An ass's nole I fixed on his head. Shak. O, fix thy chair of grace, that all my powers May also fix their reverence. Herbert. His heart is fixed, trusting in the Lord. Ps. cxii. 7. And fix far deeper in his head their stings. Milton.  2. To hold steadily; to direct unwaveringly; to fasten, as the eye on an object, the attention on a speaker. Sat fixed in thought the mighty Stagirite. Pope. One eye on death, and one full fix'd on heaven. Young.  3. To transfix; to pierce. [Obs.] Sandys.  4. (Photog.)  Defn: To render (an impression) permanent by treating with such applications a will make it insensible to the action of light. Abney.  5. To put in prder; to arrange; to dispose of; to adjust; to set to rights; to set or place in the manner desired or most suitable; hence, to repair; as, to fix the clothes; to fix the furniture of a room. [Colloq. U.S.]  6. (Iron Manuf.)  Defn: To line the hearth of (a puddling furnace) with fettling.  Syn.  -- To arrange; prepare; adjust; place; establis; settle; determine.  FIX Fix, v. i.  1. To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest. Your kindness banishes your fear, Resolved to fix forever here. Waller.  2. To become firm, so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable, as a metallic substance. Bacon. To fix on, to settle the opinion or resolution about; to determine regarding; as, the contracting parties have fixed on certain leading points.  FIX Fix, n.  1. A position of difficulty or embarassment; predicament; dillema. [Colloq.] Is he not living, then No. is he dead, then No, nor dead either. Poor Aroar can not live, and can not die, -- so that he is in an almighty fix. De Quincey.  2. (Iron Manuf.)  Defn: fettling. [U.S.] 
dress   Dress, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Dressed or Drest; p. pr. & vb. n. Dressing.] Etym: [OF. drecier to make straight, raise, set up, prepare, arrange, F. dresser. (assumed) LL. directiare, fr. L. dirigere, directum, to direct; dis- + regere to rule. See Right, and cf. Address, Adroit, Direct, Dirge.]  1. To direct; to put right or straight; to regulate; to order. [Obs.] At all times thou shalt bless God and pray Him to dress thy ways. Chaucer.  Note: Dress is used reflexively in Old English, in sense of "to direct one's step; to addresss one's self." To Grisild again will I me dresse. Chaucer.  2. (Mil.)  Defn: To arrange in exact continuity of line, as soldiers; commonly to adjust to a straight line and at proper distance; to align; as, to dress the ranks.  3. (Med.)  Defn: To treat methodically with remedies, bandages, or curative appliances, as a sore, an ulcer, a wound, or a wounded or diseased part.  4. To adjust; to put in good order; to arrange; specifically: (a) To prepare for use; to fit for any use; to render suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready; as, to dress a slain animal; to dress meat; to dress leather or cloth; to dress or trim a lamp; to dress a garden; to dress a horse, by currying and rubbing; to dress grain, by cleansing it; in mining and metallurgy, to dress ores, by sorting and separating them.  And the Lord God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it. Gen. ii. 15. When he dresseth the lamps he shall burn incense. Ex. xxx. 7. Three hundred horses . . . smoothly dressed. Dryden. Dressing their hair with the white sea flower. Tennyson . If he felt obliged to expostulate, he might have dressed his censures in a kinder form. Carlyle.  (b) To cut to proper dimensions, or give proper shape to, as to a tool by hammering; also, to smooth or finish. (c) To put in proper condition by appareling, as the body; to put clothes upon; to apparel; to invest with garments or rich decorations; to clothe; to deck. Dressed myself in such humility. Shak. Prove that ever Idress myself handsome till thy return. Shak.  (d) To break and train for use, as a horse or other animal. To dress up or out, to dress elaborately, artificially, or pompously. "You see very often a king of England or France dressed up like a Julius Cæsar." Addison.  -- To dress a ship (Naut.), to ornament her by hoisting the national colors at the peak and mastheads, and setting the jack forward; when dressed full, the signal flags and pennants are added. Ham. Nav. Encyc.  Syn.  -- To attire; apparel; clothe; accouter; array; robe; rig; trim; deck; adorn; embellish.  DRESS Dress, v. i.  1. (Mil.)  Defn: To arrange one's self in due position in a line of soldiers; -- the word of command to form alignment in ranks; as, Right, dress!  2. To clothe or apparel one's self; to put on one's garments; to pay particular regard to dress; as, to dress quickly. "To dress for a ball." Latham. To flaunt, to dress, to dance, to thrum. Tennyson . To dress to the right, To dress to the left, To dress on the center (Mil.), to form alignment with reference to the soldier on the extreme right, or in the center, of the rank, who serves as a guide.  DRESS Dress, n.  1. That which is used as the covering or ornament of the body; clothes; garments; habit; apparel. "In your soldier's dress." Shak.  2. A lady's gown; as, silk or a velvet dress.  3. Attention to apparel, or skill in adjusting it. Men of pleasure, dress, and gallantry. Pope.  4. (Milling)  Defn: The system of furrows on the face of a millstone. Knight. Dress circle. See under Circle.  -- Dress parade (Mil.), a parade in full uniform for review.  DRESS CIRCLE Dress circle.  Defn: A gallery or circle in a theater, generally the first above the floor, in which originally dress clothes were customarily worn.  DRESS COAT Dress" coat`.  Defn: A coat with skirts behind only, as distinct from the frock coat, of which the skirts surround the body. It is worn on occasions of ceremony. The dress coat of officers of the United States army is a full-skirted frock coat. 
leg   Leg, n. Etym: [Icel. leggr; akin to Dan. læg calf of the leg, Sw. lägg.]  1. A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot.  2. That which resembles a leg in form or use; especially, any long and slender support on which any object rests; as, the leg of a table; the leg of pair of compasses or dividers.  3. The part of any article of clothing which covers the leg; as, the leg of a stocking or of a pair of trousers.  4. A bow, esp. in the phrase to make a leg; probably from drawing the leg backward in bowing. [Obs.] He that will give a cap and make a leg in thanks for a favor he never received. Fuller.  5. A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg. [Slang, Eng.]  6. (Naut.)  Defn: The course and distance made by a vessel on one tack or between tacks.  7. (Steam Boiler)  Defn: An extension of the boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; -- called also water leg.  8. (Grain Elevator)  Defn: The case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets.  9. (Cricket)  Defn: A fielder whose position is on the outside, a little in rear of the batter. A good leg (Naut.), a course sailed on a tack which is near the desired course.  -- Leg bail, escape from custody by flight. [Slang] -- Legs of an hyperbola (or other curve) (Geom.), the branches of the curve which extend outward indefinitely.  -- Legs of a triangle, the sides of a triangle; -- a name seldom used unless one of the sides is first distinguished by some appropriate term; as, the hypothenuse and two legs of a right-angled triangle. On one's legs, standing to speak.  -- One's last legs. See under Last.  -- To have legs (Naut.), to have speed.  -- To stand on one's own legs, to support one's self; to be independent.  LEG Leg, v. t.  Defn: To use as a leg, with it as object: (a) To bow. [Obs.] (b) To run [Low] 
cable   Ca"ble, n. Etym: [F. Câble,m LL. capulum, caplum, a rope, fr. L. capere to take; cf. D., Dan., & G. rabel, from the French. See Capable.]  1. A large, strong rope or chain, of considerable length, used to retain a vessel at anchor, and for other purposes. It is made of hemp, of steel wire, or of iron links.  2. A rope of steel wire, or copper wire, usually covered with some protecting, or insulating substance; as, the cable of a suspension bridge; a telegraphic cable.  3. (Arch)  Defn: A molding, shaft of a column, or any other member of convex, rounded section, made to resemble the spiral twist of a rope; -- called also cable molding. Bower cable, the cable belonging to the bower anchor.  -- Cable road, a railway on which the cars are moved by a continuously running endless rope operated by a stationary motor.  -- Cable's length, the length of a ship's cable. Cables in the merchant service vary in length from 100 to 140 fathoms or more; but as a maritime measure, a cable's length is either 120 fathoms (720 feet), or about 100 fathoms (600 feet, an approximation to one tenth of a nautical mile).  -- Cable tier. (a) That part of a vessel where the cables are stowed. (b) A coil of a cable.  -- Sheet cable, the cable belonging to the sheet anchor.  -- Stream cable, a hawser or rope, smaller than the bower cables, to moor a ship in a place sheltered from wind and heavy seas.  -- Submarine cable. See Telegraph.  -- To pay out the cable, To veer out the cable, to slacken it, that it may run out of the ship; to let more cable run out of the hawse hole.  -- To serve the cable, to bind it round with ropes, canvas, etc., to prevent its being, worn or galled in the hawse, et.  -- To slip the cable, to let go the end on board and let it all run out and go overboard, as when there is not time to weigh anchor. Hence, in sailor's use, to die.  CABLE Ca"ble, v. t.  1. To fasten with a cable.  2. (Arch.)  Defn: To ornament with cabling. See Cabling.  CABLE Ca"ble, v. t. & i. [imp. & p. p. Cabled (-b'ld); p. pr. & vb. n. Cabling (-blòng).]  Defn: To telegraph by a submarine cable [Recent] 
uppity  
abrupt   Ab*rupt", a. Etym: [L. abruptus, p. p. of abrumpere to break off; ab + rumpere to break. See Rupture.]  1. Broken off; very steep, or craggy, as rocks, precipices, banks; precipitous; steep; as, abrupt places. "Tumbling through ricks abrupt," Thomson.  2. Without notice to prepare the mind for the event; sudden; hasty; unceremonious. "The cause of your abrupt departure." Shak.  3. Having sudden transitions from one subject to another; unconnected. The abrupt style, which hath many breaches. B. Jonson.  4. (Bot.)  Defn: Suddenly terminating, as if cut off. Gray.  Syn.  -- Sudden; unexpected; hasty; rough; curt; unceremonious; rugged; blunt; disconnected; broken.  ABRUPT Ab*rupt", n. Etym: [L. abruptum.]  Defn: An abrupt place. [Poetic] "Over the vast abrupt." Milton.  ABRUPT Ab*rupt", v. t.  Defn: To tear off or asunder. [Obs.] "Till death abrupts them." Sir T. Browne. 
roll   Roll, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Rolled; p. pr. & vb. n. Rolling.] Etym: [OF. roeler, roler, F. rouler, LL. rotulare, fr. L. royulus, rotula, a little wheel, dim. of rota wheel; akin to G. rad, and to Skr. ratha car, chariot. Cf. Control, Roll, n., Rotary.]  1. To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface; as, to roll a wheel, a ball, or a barrel.  2. To wrap round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over; as, to roll a sheet of paper; to roll parchment; to roll clay or putty into a ball.  3. To bind or involve by winding, as in a bandage; to inwrap; -- often with up; as, to roll up a parcel.  4. To drive or impel forward with an easy motion, as of rolling; as, a river rolls its waters to the ocean. The flood of Catholic reaction was rolled over Europe. J. A. Symonds.  5. To utter copiously, esp. with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; -- often with forth, or out; as, to roll forth some one's praises; to roll out sentences. Who roll'd the psalm to wintry skies. Tennyson.  6. To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll, roller, or rollers; as, to roll a field; to roll paste; to roll steel rails, etc.  7. To move, or cause to be moved, upon, or by means of, rollers or small wheels.  8. To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon.  9. (Geom.)  Defn: To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in suck manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal.  10. To turn over in one's mind; to revolve. Full oft in heart he rolleth up and down The beauty of these florins new and bright. Chaucer. To roll one's self, to wallow.  -- To roll the eye, to direct its axis hither and thither in quick succession.  -- To roll one's r's, to utter the letter r with a trill. [Colloq.]  ROLL Roll, v. i.  1. To move, as a curved object may, along a surface by rotation without sliding; to revolve upon an axis; to turn over and over; as, a ball or wheel rolls on the earth; a body rolls on an inclined plane. And her foot, look you, is fixed upon a spherical stone, which rolls, and rolls, and rolls. Shak.  2. To move on wheels; as, the carriage rolls along the street. "The rolling chair." Dryden.  3. To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball; as, the cloth rolls unevenly; the snow rolls well.  4. To fall or tumble; -- with over; as, a stream rolls over a precipice.  5. To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution; as, the rolling year; ages roll away.  6. To turn; to move circularly. And his red eyeballs roll with living fire. Dryden.  7. To move, as waves or billows, with alternate swell and depression. What different sorrows did within thee roll. Prior.  8. To incline first to one side, then to the other; to rock; as, there is a great difference in ships about rolling; in a general semse, to be tossed about. Twice ten tempestuous nights I rolled. Pope.  9. To turn over, or from side to side, while lying down; to wallow; as, a horse rolls.  10. To spread under a roller or rolling-pin; as, the paste rolls well.  11. To beat a drum with strokes so rapid that they can scarcely be distinguished by the ear.  12. To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise; as, the thunder rolls. To roll about, to gad abroad. [Obs.] Man shall not suffer his wife go roll about. Chaucer.  ROLL Roll, n. Etym: [F. rôle a roll (in sense 3), fr. L. rotulus little wheel, LL., a roll, dim. of L. rota a wheel. See Roll, v., and cf. Rôle, Rouleau, Roulette.]  1. The act of rolling, or state of being rolled; as, the roll of a ball; the roll of waves.  2. That which rolls; a roller. Specifically: (a) A heavy cylinder used to break clods. Mortimer. (b) One of a set of revolving cylinders, or rollers, between which metal is pressed, formed, or smoothed, as in a rolling mill; as, to pass rails through the rolls.  3. That which is rolled up; as, a roll of fat, of wool, paper, cloth, etc. Specifically: (a) A document written on a piece of parchment, paper, or other materials which may be rolled up; a scroll. Busy angels spread The lasting roll, recording what we say. Prior.  (b) Hence, an official or public document; a register; a record; also, a catalogue; a list. The rolls of Parliament, the entry of the petitions, answers, and transactions in Parliament, are extant. Sir M. Hale. The roll and list of that army doth remain. Sir J. Davies.  (c) A quantity of cloth wound into a cylindrical form; as, a roll of carpeting; a roll of ribbon. (d) A cylindrical twist of tobacco.  4. A kind of shortened raised biscuit or bread, often rolled or doubled upon itself.  5. (Naut.)  Defn: The oscillating movement of a vessel from side to side, in sea way, as distinguished from the alternate rise and fall of bow and stern called pitching.  6. A heavy, reverberatory sound; as, the roll of cannon, or of thunder.  7. The uniform beating of a drum with strokes so rapid as scarcely to be distinguished by the ear.  8. Part; office; duty; rôle. [Obs.] L'Estrange. Long roll (Mil.), a prolonged roll of the drums, as the signal of an attack by the enemy, and for the troops to arrange themselves in line.  -- Master of the rolls. See under Master.  -- Roll call, the act, or the time, of calling over a list names, as among soldiers.  -- Rolls of court, of parliament (or of any public body), the parchments or rolls on which the acts and proceedings of that body are engrossed by the proper officer, and which constitute the records of such public body.  -- To call the roll, to call off or recite a list or roll of names of persons belonging to an organization, in order to ascertain who are present or to obtain responses from those present.  Syn.  -- List; schedule; catalogue; register; inventory. See List. 
grouchy  
head   Head, n. Etym: [OE. hed, heved, heaved, AS. heáfod; akin to D. hoofd, OHG. houbit, G. haupt, Icel. höfu, Sw. hufvud, Dan. hoved, Goth. haubip. The word does not corresponds regularly to L. caput head (cf. E. Chief, Cadet, Capital), and its origin is unknown.]  1. The anterior or superior part of an animal, containing the brain, or chief ganglia of the nervous system, the mouth, and in the higher animals, the chief sensory organs; poll; cephalon.  2. The uppermost, foremost, or most important part of an inanimate object; such a part as may be considered to resemble the head of an animal; often, also, the larger, thicker, or heavier part or extremity, in distinction from the smaller or thinner part, or from the point or edge; as, the head of a cane, a nail, a spear, an ax, a mast, a sail, a ship; that which covers and closes the top or the end of a hollow vessel; as, the head of a cask or a steam boiler.  3. The place where the head should go; as, the head of a bed, of a grave, etc.; the head of a carriage, that is, the hood which covers the head.  4. The most prominent or important member of any organized body; the chief; the leader; as, the head of a college, a school, a church, a state, and the like. "Their princes and heads." Robynson (More's Utopia). The heads of the chief sects of philosophy. Tillotson. Your head I him appoint. Milton.  5. The place or honor, or of command; the most important or foremost position; the front; as, the head of the table; the head of a column of soldiers. An army of fourscore thousand troops, with the duke Marlborough at the head of them. Addison.  6. Each one among many; an individual; -- often used in a plural sense; as, a thousand head of cattle. It there be six millions of people, there are about four acres for every head. Graunt.  7. The seat of the intellect; the brain; the understanding; the mental faculties; as, a good head, that is, a good mind; it never entered his head, it did not occur to him; of his own head, of his own thought or will. Men who had lost both head and heart. Macaulay.  8. The source, fountain, spring, or beginning, as of a stream or river; as, the head of the Nile; hence, the altitude of the source, or the height of the surface, as of water, above a given place, as above an orifice at which it issues, and the pressure resulting from the height or from motion; sometimes also, the quantity in reserve; as, a mill or reservoir has a good head of water, or ten feet head; also, that part of a gulf or bay most remote from the outlet or the sea.  9. A headland; a promontory; as, Gay Head. Shak.  10. A separate part, or topic, of a discourse; a theme to be expanded; a subdivision; as, the heads of a sermon.  11. Culminating point or crisis; hence, strength; force; height. Ere foul sin, gathering head, shall break into corruption. Shak. The indisposition which has long hung upon me, is at last grown to such a head, that it must quickly make an end of me or of itself. Addison.  12. Power; armed force. My lord, my lord, the French have gathered head. Shak.  13. A headdress; a covering of the head; as, a laced head; a head of hair. Swift.  14. An ear of wheat, barley, or of one of the other small cereals.  15. (Bot.) (a) A dense cluster of flowers, as in clover, daisies, thistles; a capitulum. (b) A dense, compact mass of leaves, as in a cabbage or a lettuce plant.  16. The antlers of a deer.  17. A rounded mass of foam which rises on a pot of beer or other effervescing liquor. Mortimer.  18. pl.  Defn: Tiles laid at the eaves of a house. Knight.  Note: Head is often used adjectively or in self-explaining combinations; as, head gear or headgear, head rest. Cf. Head, a. A buck of the first head, a male fallow deer in its fifth year, when it attains its complete set of antlers. Shak.  -- By the head. (Naut.) See under By.  -- Elevator head, Feed head, etc. See under Elevator, Feed, etc.  -- From head to foot, through the whole length of a man; completely; throughout. "Arm me, audacity, from head to foot." Shak.  -- Head and ears, with the whole person; deeply; completely; as, he was head and ears in debt or in trouble. [Colloq.] -- Head fast. (Naut.) See 5th Fast.  -- Head kidney (Anat.), the most anterior of the three pairs of embryonic renal organs developed in most vertebrates -- Head money, a capitation tax; a poll tax. Milton.  -- Head pence, a poll tax. [Obs.] -- Head sea, a sea that meets the head of a vessel or rolls against her course.  -- Head and shoulders. (a) By force; violently; as, to drag one, head and shoulders. "They bring in every figure of speech, head and shoulders." Felton. (b) By the height of the head and shoulders; hence, by a great degree or space; by far; much; as, he is head and shoulders above them.  -- Head or tail, this side or that side; this thing or that; -- a phrase used in throwing a coin to decide a choice, guestion, or stake, head being the side of the coin bearing the effigy or principal figure (or, in case there is no head or face on either side, that side which has the date on it), and tail the other side.  -- Neither head nor tail, neither beginning nor end; neither this thing nor that; nothing distinct or definite; -- a phrase used in speaking of what is indefinite or confused; as, they made neither head nor tail of the matter. [Colloq.] -- Head wind, a wind that blows in a direction opposite the vessel's course.  -- Out one's own head, according to one's own idea; without advice or coöperation of another. Over the head of, beyond the comprehension of. M. Arnold.  -- To be out of one's head, to be temporarily insane.  -- To come or draw to a head. See under Come, Draw.  -- To give (one) the head, or To give head, to let go, or to give up, control; to free from restraint; to give license. "He gave his able horse the head." Shak. "He has so long given his unruly passions their head." South.  -- To his head, before his face. "An uncivil answer from a son to a father, from an obliged person to a benefactor, is a greater indecency than if an enemy should storm his house or revile him to his head." Jer. Taylor.  -- To lay heads together, to consult; to conspire.  -- To lose one's head, to lose presence of mind.  -- To make head, or To make head against, to resist with success; to advance.  -- To show one's head, to appear. Shak.  -- To turn head, to turn the face or front. "The ravishers turn head, the fight renews." Dryden.  HEAD Head, a.  Defn: Principal; chief; leading; first; as, the head master of a school; the head man of a tribe; a head chorister; a head cook.  HEAD Head, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Headed; p. pr. & vb. n. Heading.]  1. To be at the head of; to put one's self at the head of; to lead; to direct; to act as leader to; as, to head an army, an expedition, or a riot. Dryden.  2. To form a head to; to fit or furnish with a head; as, to head a nail. Spenser.  3. To behead; to decapitate. [Obs.] Shak.  4. To cut off the top of; to lop off; as, to head trees.  5. To go in front of; to get in the front of, so as to hinder or stop; to oppose; hence, to check or restrain; as, to head a drove of cattle; to head a person; the wind heads a ship.  6. To set on the head; as, to head a cask. To head off, to intercept; to get before; as, an officer heads off a thief who is escaping.  -- To head up, to close, as a cask or barrel, by fitting a head to.  HEAD Head, v. i.  1. To originate; to spring; to have its A broad river, that heads in the great Blue Ridge. Adair.  2. To go or point in a certain direction; to tend; as, how does the ship head  3. To form a head; as, this kind of cabbage heads early. 
level   Lev"el, n. Etym: [OE. level, livel, OF. livel, F. niveau, fr. L. libella level, water level, a plumb level, dim. of libra pound, measure for liquids, balance, water poise, level. Cf. Librate, Libella.]  1. A line or surface to which, at every point, a vertical or plumb line is perpendicular; a line or surface which is everywhere parallel to the surface of still water; -- this is the true level, and is a curve or surface in which all points are equally distant from the center of the earth, or rather would be so if the earth were an exact sphere.  2. A horizontal line or plane; that is, a straight line or a plane which is tangent to a true level at a given point and hence parallel to the horizon at that point; -- this is the apparent level at the given point.  3. An approximately horizontal line or surface at a certain degree of altitude, or distance from the center of the earth; as, to climb from the level of the coast to the l of the plateau and then descent to the level of the valley or of the sea. After draining of the level in Northamptonshire. Sir M. Hale. Shot from the deadly level of a gun. Shak.  4. Hence, figuratively, a certain position, rank, standard, degree, quality, character, etc., conceived of as in one of several planes of different elevation. Providence, for the most part, sets us on a level. Addison. Somebody there of his own level. Swift. Be the fair level of thy actions laid As temperance wills and prudence may persuade. Prior.  5. A uniform or average height; a normal plane or altitude; a condition conformable to natural law or which will secure a level surface; as, moving fluids seek a level. When merit shall find its level. F. W. Robertson.  6. (Mech. & Surv.) (a) An instrument by which to find a horizontal line, or adjust something with reference to a horizontal line. (b) A measurement of the difference of altitude of two points, by means of a level; as, to take a level.  7. A horizontal passage, drift, or adit, in mine. Air level, a spirit level. See Spirit level (below).  -- Box level, a spirit level in which a glass-covered box is used instead of a tube.  -- Garpenter's level, Mason's level, either the plumb level or a straight bar of wood, in which is imbedded a small spirit level.  -- Level of the sea, the imaginary level from which heights and depths are calculated, taken at a mean distance between high and low water.  -- Line of levels, a connected series of measurements, by means of a level, along a given line, as of a railroad, to ascertain the profile of the ground.  -- Plumb level, one in which a horizontal bar is placed in true position by means of a plumb line, to which it is at right angles.  -- Spirit level, one in which the adjustment to the horizon is shown by the position of a bubble in alcohol or ether contained in a nearly horizontal glass tube, or a circular box with a glass cover.  -- Surveyor's level, a telescope, with a spirit level attached, and with suitable screws, etc., for accurate adjustment, the whole mounted on a tripod, for use in leveling; -- called also leveling instrument.  -- Water level, an instrument to show the level by means the surface of water in a trough, or in upright tubes connected by a pipe.  LEVEL Lev"el, a.  1. Even; flat; having no part higher than another; having, or conforming to, the curvature which belongs to the undisturbed liquid parts of the earth's surface; as, a level field; level ground; the level surface of a pond or lake. Ample spaces o'er the smooth And level pavement. Milton.  2. Coinciding or parallel with the plane of the horizon; horizontal; as, the telescope is now level.  3. Even with anything else; of the same height; on the same line or plane; on the same footing; of equal importance; -- followed by with, sometimes by to. Young boys and girls Are level now with men; the odds is gone. Shak. Everything lies level to our wish. Shak.  4. Straightforward; direct; direct; clear; open. A very plain and level account. M. Arnold.  5. Well balanced; even; just; steady; impartial; as, a level head; a level understanding. [Colloq.] " A level consideration." Shak.  6. (Phonetics)  Defn: Of even tone; without rising or falling inflection. H. Sweet. Level line (Shipbuilding), the outline of a section which is horizontal crosswise, and parallel with the rabbet of the keel lengthwise. Level surface (Physics), an equipotential surface at right angles at every point to the lines of force.  LEVEL Lev"el, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Leveled or Levelled; p. pr. & vb. n. Leveling or Levelling.]  1. To make level; to make horizontal; to bring to the condition of a level line or surface; hence, to make flat or even; as, to level a road, a walk, or a garden.  2. To bring to a lower level; to overthrow; to topple down; to reduce to a flat surface; to lower. And their proud structures level with the ground. Sandys. He levels mountains and he raises plains. Dryden.  3. To bring to a horizontal position, as a gun; hence, to point in taking aim; to aim; to direct. Bertram de Gordon, standing on the castle wall, leveled a quarrel out of a crossbow. Stow.  4. Figuratively, to bring to a common level or plane, in respect of rank, condition, character, privilege, etc.; as, to level all the ranks and conditions of men.  5. To adjust or adapt to a certain level; as, to level remarks to the capacity of children. For all his mind on honor fixed is, To which he levels all his purposes. Spenser.  LEVEL Lev"el, v. i.  1. To be level; to be on a level with, or on an equality with, something; hence, to accord; to agree; to suit. [Obs.] With such accommodation and besort As levels with her breeding. Shak.  2. To aim a gun, spear, etc., horizontally; hence, to aim or point a weapon in direct line with the mark; fig., to direct the eye, mind, or effort, directly to an object. The foeman may with as great aim level at the edge of a penknife. Shak. The glory of God and the good of his church . . . ought to be the mark whereat we also level. Hooker. She leveled at our purposes. Shak. 
silent   Si"lent, a. Etym: [L. silens, -entis, p. pr. of silere to be silent; akin to Goth. ana-silan.]  1. Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet. How silent is this town! Shak.  2. Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative. Ulysses, adds he, was the most eloquent and most silent of men. Broome. This new-created world, whereof in hell Fame is not silent. Milton.  3. Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed; as, the wind is silent. Parnell. Sir W. Raleigh.  4. (Pron.)  Defn: Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent; as, e is silent in "fable."  5. Having no effect; not operating; inefficient. [R.] Cause . . . silent, virtueless, and dead. Sir W. Raleigh. Silent partner. See Dormant partner, under Dormant.  Syn.  -- Mute; taciturn; dumb; speechless; quiet; still. See Mute, and Taciturn.  SILENT Si"lent, n.  Defn: That which is silent; a time of silence. [R.] "The silent of the night." Shak. 
empty   Emp"ty, a. [Compar. Emptier; superl. Emptiest.] Etym: [AS. emtig, æmtig, æmetig, fr. æmta, æmetta, quiet, leisure, rest; of uncertain origin; cf. G. emsig busy.]  1. Containing nothing; not holding or having anything within; void of contents or appropriate contents; not filled; -- said of an inclosure, as a box, room, house, etc.; as, an empty chest, room, purse, or pitcher; an empty stomach; empty shackles.  2. Free; clear; devoid; -- often with of. "That fair female troop . . . empty of all good." Milton. I shall find you empty of that fault. Shak.  3. Having nothing to carry; unburdened. "An empty messenger." Shak. When ye go ye shall not go empty. Ex. iii. 21.  4. Destitute of effect, sincerity, or sense; -- said of language; as, empty words, or threats. Words are but empty thanks. Cibber.  5. Unable to satisfy; unsatisfactory; hollow; vain; -- said of pleasure, the world, etc. Pleas'd in the silent shade with empty praise. Pope.  6. Producing nothing; unfruitful; -- said of a plant or tree; as, an empty vine. Seven empty ears blasted with the east wind. Gen. xli. 27.  7. Destitute of, or lacking, sense, knowledge, or courtesy; as, empty brains; an empty coxcomb. That in civility thou seem'st so empty. Shak.  8. Destitute of reality, or real existence; unsubstantial; as, empty dreams.  Note: Empty is used as the first element in a compound; as, empty- handed, having nothing in the hands, destitute; empty-headed, having few ideas; empty-hearted, destitute of feeling.  Syn.  -- See Vacant.  EMPTY Emp"ty, n.; pl. Empties (.  Defn: An empty box, crate, cask, etc.; -- used in commerce, esp. in transportation of freight; as, "special rates for empties."  EMPTY Emp"ty, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Emptied; p. pr. & vb. n. Emptying.]  Defn: To deprive of the contents; to exhaust; to make void or destitute; to make vacant; to pour out; to discharge; as, to empty a vessel; to empty a well or a cistern. The clouds . . . empty themselves upon the earth. Eccl. xi. 3.  EMPTY Emp"ty, v. i.  1. To discharge itself; as, a river empties into the ocean.  2. To become empty. "The chapel empties." B. Jonson. 
cart   Cart, n. Etym: [AS. cræt; cf. W. cart, Ir. & Gael. cairt, or Icel. kartr. Cf. Car.]  1. A common name for various kinds of vehicles, as a Scythian dwelling on wheels, or a chariot. "Phoebus' cart." Shak.  2. A two-wheeled vehicle for the ordinary purposes of husbandry, or for transporting bulky and heavy articles. Packing all his goods in one poor cart. Dryden.  3. A light business wagon used by bakers, grocerymen, butchers, atc.  4. An open two-wheeled pleasure carriage. Cart horse, a horse which draws a cart; a horse bred or used for drawing heavy loads.  -- Cart load, or Cartload, as much as will fill or load a cart. In excavating and carting sand, gravel, earth, etc., one third of a cubic yard of the material before it is loosened is estimated to be a cart load.  -- Cart rope, a stout rope for fastening a load on a cart; any strong rope.  -- To put (or get or set) the cart before the horse, to invert the order of related facts or ideas, as by putting an effect for a cause.  CART Cart, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Carted; p. pr. & vb. n. Carting.]  1. To carry or convey in a cart.  2. To expose in a cart by way of punishment. She chuckled when a bawd was carted. Prior.  CART Cart, v. i.  Defn: To carry burdens in a cart; to follow the business of a carter. 
feeling   Feel"ing, a.  1. Possessing great sensibility; easily affected or moved; as, a feeling heart.  2. Expressive of great sensibility; attended by, or evincing, sensibility; as, he made a feeling representation of his wrongs.  FEELING Feel"ing, n.  1. The sense by which the mind, through certain nerves of the body, perceives external objects, or certain states of the body itself; that one of the five senses which resides in the general nerves of sensation distributed over the body, especially in its surface; the sense of touch; nervous sensibility to external objects. Why was the sight To such a tender ball as the eye confined, . . . And not, as feeling, through all parts diffused Milton.  2. An act or state of perception by the sense above described; an act of apprehending any object whatever; an act or state of apprehending the state of the soul itself; consciousness. The apprehension of the good Gives but the greater feeling to the worse. Shak.  3. The capacity of the soul for emotional states; a high degree of susceptibility to emotions or states of the sensibility not dependent on the body; as, a man of feeling; a man destitute of feeling.  4. Any state or condition of emotion; the exercise of the capacity for emotion; any mental state whatever; as, a right or a wrong feeling in the heart; our angry or kindly feelings; a feeling of pride or of humility. A fellow feeling makes one wondrous kind. Garrick. Tenderness for the feelings of others. Macaulay.  5. That quality of a work of art which embodies the mental emotion of the artist, and is calculated to affect similarly the spectator. Fairholt.  Syn.  -- Sensation; emotion; passion; sentiment; agitation; opinion. See Emotion, Passion, Sentiment. 
cakes  Word is not found.
nice   Nice, a. [Compar. Nicer; superl. Nicest.] Etym: [OE., foolish, fr. OF. nice ignorant, fool, fr. L. nescius ignorant; ne not + scius knowing, scire to know. perhaps influenced by E. nesh delicate, soft. See No, and Science.]  1. Foolish; silly; simple; ignorant; also, weak; effeminate. [Obs.] Gower. But say that we ben wise and nothing nice. Chaucer.  2. Of trifling moment; nimportant; trivial. [Obs.] The letter was not nice, but full of charge Of dear import. Shak.  3. Overscrupulous or exacting; hard to please or satisfy; fastidious in small matters. Curious not knowing, not exact but nice. Pope. And to taste Think not I shall be nice. Milton.  4. Delicate; refined; dainty; pure. Dear love, continue nice and chaste. Donne. A nice and subtile happiness. Milton.  5. Apprehending slight diffferences or delicate distinctions; distinguishing accurately or minutely; carefully discriminating; as, a nice taste or judgment. "Our author happy in a judge so nice." Pope. "Nice verbal criticism." Coleridge.  6. Done or made with careful labor; suited to excite admiration on account of exactness; evidencing great skill; exact; fine; finished; as, nice proportions, nice workmanship, a nice application; exactly or fastidiously discriminated; requiring close discrimination; as, a nice point of law, a nice distinction in philosophy. The difference is too nice Where ends the virtue, or begins the vice. Pope.  7. Pleasing; agreeable; gratifying; delightful; good; as, a nice party; a nice excursion; a nice person; a nice day; a nice sauce, etc. [Loosely & Colloquially] To make nice of, to be scrupulous about. [Obs.] Shak.  Syn.  -- Dainty; delicate; exquisite; fine; accurate; exact; correct; precise; particular; scrupulous; punctilious; fastidious; squeamish; finical; effeminate; silly. 
frogs  Word is not found.
library   Li"bra*ry, n.; pl. Libraries. Etym: [OE. librairie, F. librairie bookseller's shop, book trade, formerly, a library, fr. libraire bookseller, L. librarius, from liber book; cf. libraria bookseller's shop, librarium bookcase, It. libreria. See Libel.]  1. A considerable collection of books kept for use, and not as merchandise; as, a private library; a public library.  2. A building or apartment appropriated for holding such a collection of books. Holland. 
onerous   On"er*ous, a. Etym: [L. onerosus, fr. onus, oneris, a load, burden: cf.F. onéreux.]  Defn: Burdensome; oppressive. "Too onerous a solicitude." I. Taylor. Onerous cause (Scots Law), a good and legal consideration; -- opposed to gratuitous. 
annoyed  Word is not found.
locket   Lock"et, n. Etym: [F. loquet latch, dim. of OF. loc latch, lock; of German origin. See Lock a fastening.]  1. A small lock; a catch or spring to fasten a necklace or other ornament.  2. A little case for holding a miniature or lock of hair, usually suspended from a necklace or watch chain.  LOCK HOSPITAL Lock" hos"pi*tal  Defn: . A hospital for the treatment of venereal diseases. [Eng.] 
promise   Prom"ise, a. Etym: [F. promesse, L. promissum, fr. promittere, promissum, to put forth, foretell, promise; pro forward, for + mittere to send. See Mission. ]  1. In general, a declaration, written or verbal, made by one person to another, which binds the person who makes it to do, or to forbear to do, a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act. For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise. Gal. iii. 18.  2. (Law)  Defn: An engagement by one person to another, either in words or in writing, but properly not under seal, for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing. The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person, without regard to the consideration for it, or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made. Chitty. Parsons. Burrill.  3. That which causes hope, expectation, or assurance; especially, that which affords expectation of future distinction; as, a youth of great promise. Shak. My native country was full of youthful promise. W. Irving.  4. Bestowal, fulfillment, or grant of what is promised. He . . . commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father. Acts i. 4.  PROMISE Prom"ise, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Promised; p. pr. & vb. n. Promising.]  1. To engage to do, give, make, or to refrain from doing, giving, or making, or the like; to covenant; to engage; as, to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money. "To promise aid." Shak.  2. To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of; as, the clouds promise rain. Milton.  3. To make declaration of or give assurance of, as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow; as, the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward. Promised land. See Land of promise, under Land.  -- To promise one's self. (a) To resolve; to determine; to vow. (b) To be assured; to have strong confidence. I dare promise myself you will attest the truth of all I have advanced. Rambler.  PROMISE Prom"ise, v. i.  1. To give assurance by a promise, or binding declaration.  2. To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely, to give reason to expect evil. Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion I fear it, I promise you. Shak. 
bomb   Bomb, n. Etym: [F. bombe bombshell, fr. L. bombus a humming or buzzing noise, Gr. .]  1. A great noise; a hollow sound. [Obs.] A pillar of iron . . . which if you had struck, would make . . . a great bomb in the chamber beneath. Bacon.  2. (Mil.)  Defn: A shell; esp. a spherical shell, like those fired from mortars. See Shell.  3. A bomb ketch. Bomb chest (Mil.), a chest filled with bombs, or only with gunpowder, placed under ground, to cause destruction by its explosion.  -- Bomb ketch, Bomb vessel (Naut.), a small ketch or vessel, very strongly built, on which mortars are mounted to be used in naval bombardments; -- called also mortar vessel.  -- Bomb lance, a lance or harpoon with an explosive head, used in whale fishing.  -- Volcanic bomb, a mass of lava of a spherical or pear shape. "I noticed volcanic bombs." Darwin.  BOMB Bomb, v. t.  Defn: To bombard. [Obs.] Prior.  BOMB Bomb, v. i. Etym: [Cf. Boom.]  Defn: To sound; to boom; to make a humming or buzzing sound. [Obs.] B. Jonson. 
orange   Or"ange, n. Etym: [F.; cf. It. arancia, arancio, LL. arangia, Sp. naranjia, Pg. laranja; all fr. Ar. naranj, Per. naranj, narang; cf. Skr. naranga orange tree. The o- in F. orange is due to confusion with or gold, L. aurum, because the orange resembles gold in color.]  1. The fruit of a tree of the genus Citrus (C. Aurantium). It is usually round, and consists of pulpy carpels, commonly ten in number, inclosed in a leathery rind, which is easily separable, and is reddish yellow when ripe.  Note: There are numerous varieties of oranges; as, the bitter orange, which is supposed to be the original stock; the navel orange, which has the rudiment of a second orange imbedded in the top of the fruit; the blood orange, with a reddish juice; and the horned orange, in which the carpels are partly separated.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: The tree that bears oranges; the orange tree.  3. The color of an orange; reddish yellow. Mandarin orange. See Mandarin.  -- Mock orange (Bot.), any species of shrubs of the genus Philadelphus, which have whitish and often fragrant blossoms.  -- Native orange, or Orange thorn (Bot.), an Australian shrub (Citriobatus parviflorus); also, its edible yellow berries.  -- Orange bird (Zoöl.), a tanager of Jamaica (Tanagra zena); -- so called from its bright orange breast.  -- Orange cowry (Zoöl.), a large, handsome cowry (Cypræa aurantia), highly valued by collectors of shells on account of its rarity.  -- Orange grass (Bot.), an inconspicuous annual American plant (Hypericum Sarothra), having minute, deep yellow flowers.  -- Orange oil (Chem.), an oily, terpenelike substance obtained from orange rind, and distinct from neroli oil, which is obtained from the flowers.  -- Orange pekoe, a kind of black tea.  -- Orange pippin, an orange-colored apple with acid flavor.  -- Quito orange, the orangelike fruit of a shrubby species of nightshade (Solanum Quitoense), native in Quito.  -- Orange scale (Zoöl.) any species of scale insects which infests orange trees; especially, the purple scale (Mytilaspis citricola), the long scale (M. Gloveri), and the red scale (Aspidiotus Aurantii).  ORANGE Or"ange, a.  Defn: Of or pertaining to an orange; of the color of an orange; reddish yellow; as, an orange ribbon. 
closed  
scent   Scent, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Scented; p. pr. & vb. n. Scenting.] Etym: [Originally sent, fr. F. sentir to feel, to smell. See Sense.]  1. To perceive by the olfactory organs; to smell; as, to scent game, as a hound does. Methinks I scent the morning air. Shak.  2. To imbue or fill with odor; to perfume. Balm from a silver box distilled around, Shall all bedew the roots, and scent the sacred ground. Dryden.  SCENT Scent, v. i.  1. To have a smell. [Obs.] Thunderbolts . . . do scent strongly of brimstone. Holland.  2. To hunt animals by means of the sense of smell.  SCENT Scent, n.  1. That which, issuing from a body, affects the olfactory organs of animals; odor; smell; as, the scent of an orange, or of a rose; the scent of musk. With lavish hand diffuses scents ambrosial. prior.  2. Specifically, the odor left by an animal on the ground in passing over it; as, dogs find or lose the scent; hence, course of pursuit; track of discovery. He gained the observations of innumerable ages, and traveled upon the same scent into Ethiopia. Sir W. Temple.  3. The power of smelling; the sense of smell; as, a hound of nice scent; to divert the scent. I. Watts. 
helpful   Help"ful, a.  Defn: Furnishing help; giving aid; assistant; useful; salutary. Heavens make our presence and our practices Pleasant and helpful to him! Shak. -- Help"ful*ly, adv.  -- Help"ful*ness, n. Milton. 
near  Word is not found.
ancient   An"cient, a. Etym: [OE. auncien, F. ancien, LL. antianus, fr. L. ante before. See Ante-, pref.]  1. Old; that happened or existed in former times, usually at a great distance of time; belonging to times long past; specifically applied to the times before the fall of the Roman empire; -- opposed to modern; as, ancient authors, literature, history; ancient days. Witness those ancient empires of the earth. Milton. Gildas Albanius . . . much ancienter than his namesake surnamed the Wise. Fuller.  2. Old; that has been of long duration; of long standing; of great age; as, an ancient forest; an ancient castle. "Our ancient bickerings." Shak. Remove not the ancient landmarks, which thy fathers have set. Prov. xxii. 28. An ancient man, strangely habited, asked for quarters. Scott.  3. Known for a long time, or from early times; -- opposed to recent or new; as, the ancient continent. A friend, perhaps, or an ancient acquaintance. Barrow.  4. Dignified, like an aged man; magisterial; venerable. [Archaic] He wrought but some few hours of the day, and then would he seem very grave and ancient. Holland.  5. Experienced; versed. [Obs.] Though [he] was the youngest brother, yet he was the most ancient in the business of the realm. Berners.  6. Former; sometime. [Obs.] They mourned their ancient leader lost. Pope. Ancient demesne (Eng. Law), a tenure by which all manors belonging to the crown, in the reign of William the Conqueror, were held. The numbers, names, etc., of these were all entered in a book called Domesday Book.  -- Ancient lights (Law), windows and other openings which have been enjoined without molestation for more than twenty years. In England, and in some of the United States, they acquire a prescriptive right.  Syn.  -- Old; primitive; pristine; antique; antiquated; old-fashioned; obsolete.  -- Ancient, Antiquated, Obsolete, Antique, Antic, Old.  -- Ancient is opposed to modern, and has antiquity; as, an ancient family, ancient landmarks, ancient institutions, systems of thought, etc. Antiquated describes that which has gone out of use or fashion; as, antiquated furniture, antiquated laws, rules, etc. Obsolete is commonly used, instead of antiquated, in reference to language, customs, etc.; as, an obsolete word or phrase, an obsolete expression. Antique is applied, in present usage, either to that which has come down from the ancients; as, an antique cameo, bust, etc. ; or to that which is made to imitate some ancient work of art; as, an antique temple. In the days of Shakespeare, antique was often used for ancient; as, "an antique song," "an antique Roman;" and hence, from singularity often attached to what is ancient, it was used in the sense of grotesque; as, "an oak whose antique root peeps out; " and hence came our present word antic, denoting grotesque or ridiculous. We usually apply both ancient and old to things subject to gradual decay. We say, an old man, an ancient record; but never, the old stars, an old river or mountain. In general, however, ancient is opposed to modern, and old to new, fresh, or recent. When we speak of a thing that existed formerly, which has ceased to exist, we commonly use ancient; as, ancient republics, ancient heroes; and not old republics, old heroes. But when the thing which began or existed in former times is still in existence, we use either ancient or old; as, ancient statues or paintings, or old statues or paintings; ancient authors, or old authors, meaning books.  ANCIENT An"cient, n.  1. pl.  Defn: Those who lived in former ages, as opposed to the moderns.  2. An aged man; a patriarch. Hence: A governor; a ruler; a person of influence. The Lord will enter into judgment with the ancients of his people, and the princes thereof. Isa. iii. 14.  3. A senior; an elder; a predecessor. [Obs.] Junius and Andronicus . . . in Christianity . . . were his ancients. Hooker.  4. pl. (Eng. Law)  Defn: One of the senior members of the Inns of Court or of Chancery. Council of Ancients (French Hist.), one of the two assemblies composing the legislative bodies in 1795. Brande.  ANCIENT An"cient, n. Etym: [Corrupted from ensign.]  1. An ensign or flag. [Obs.] More dishonorable ragged than an old-faced ancient. Shak.  2. The bearer of a flag; an ensign. [Obs.] This is Othello's ancient, as I take it. Shak. 
tawdry   Taw"dry, a. [Compar. Tawdrier; superl. Tawdriest.] Etym: [Said to be corrupted from Saint Audrey, or Auldrey, meaning Saint Ethelreda, implying therefore, originally, bought at the fair of St. Audrey, where laces and gay toys of all sorts were sold. This fair was held in Isle Ely, and probably at other places, on the day of the saint, which was the 17th of October.]  1. Bought at the festival of St. Audrey. [Obs.] And gird in your waist, For more fineness, with a tawdry lace. Spenser.  2. Very fine and showy in colors, without taste or elegance; having an excess of showy ornaments without grace; cheap and gaudy; as, a tawdry dress; tawdry feathers; tawdry colors. He rails from morning to night at essenced fops and tawdry courtiers. Spectator.  TAWDRY Taw"dry, n.; pl. Tawdries (.  Defn: A necklace of a rural fashion, bought at St. Audrey's fair; hence, a necklace in general. [Obs.] Of which the Naiads and the blue Nereids make Them tawdries for their necks. Drayton. 
dirty   Dirt"y, a. [Compar. Dirtier; superl. Dirtiest.]  1. Defiled with dirt; foul; nasty; filthy; not clean or pure; serving to defile; as, dirty hands; dirty water; a dirty white. Spenser.  2. Sullied; clouded; -- applied to color. Locke.  3. Sordid; base; groveling; as, a dirty fellow. The creature's at his dirty work again. Pope.  4. Sleety; gusty; stormy; as, dirty weather. Storms of wind, clouds of dust, an angry, dirty sea. M. Arnold.  Syn.  -- Nasty; filthy; foul. See Nasty.  DIRTY Dirt"y, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Dirtied; p. pr. & vb. n. Dirtying.]  1. To foul; to make filthy; to soil; as, to dirty the clothes or hands.  2. To tarnish; to sully; to scandalize; -- said of reputation, character, etc. 
fast   Fast, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Fasted; p. pr. & vb. n. Fasting.] Etym: [AS. fæstan; akin to D. vasten, OHG. fasten, G. fasten, Icel. & Sw. fasta, Dan. faste, Goth. fastan to keep, observe, fast, and prob. to E. fast firm.]  1. To abstain from food; to omit to take nourishment in whole or in part; to go hungry. Fasting he went to sleep, and fasting waked. Milton.  2. To practice abstinence as a religious exercise or duty; to abstain from food voluntarily for a time, for the mortification of the body or appetites, or as a token of grief, or humiliation and penitence. Thou didst fast and weep for the child. 2 Sam. xii. 21. Fasting day, a fast day; a day of fasting.  FAST Fast, n. Etym: [OE. faste, fast; cf. AS. f, OHG. fasta, G. faste. See Fast, v. i.]  1. Abstinence from food; omission to take nounrishment. Surfeit is the father of much fast. Shak.  2. Voluntary abstinence from food, for a space of time, as a spiritual discipline, or as a token of religious humiliation.  3. A time of fasting, whether a day, week, or longer time; a period of abstinence from food or certain kinds of food; as, an annual fast. Fast day, a day appointed for fasting, humiliation, and religious offices as a means of invoking the favor of God.  -- To break one's fast, to put an end to a period of abstinence by taking food; especially, to take one's morning meal; to breakfast. Shak.  FAST Fast, a. [Compar. Faster; superl. Fastest.] Etym: [OE., firm, strong, not loose, AS. f; akin to OS. fast, D. vast, OHG. fasti, festi, G. fest, Isel. fastr, Sw. & Dan. fast, and perh. to E. fetter. The sense swift comes from the idea of keeping close to what is pursued; a Scandinavian use. Cf. Fast, adv., Fast, v., Avast.]  1. Firmly fixed; closely adhering; made firm; not loose, unstable, or easily moved; immovable; as, to make fast the door. There is an order that keeps things fast. Burke.  2. Firm against attack; fortified by nature or art; impregnable; strong. Outlaws . . . lurking in woods and fast places. Spenser.  3. Firm in adherence; steadfast; not easily separated or alienated; faithful; as, a fast friend.  4. Permanent; not liable to fade by exposure to air or by washing; durable; lasting; as, fast colors.  5. Tenacious; retentive. [Obs.] Roses, damask and red, are fast flowers of their smells. Bacon.  6. Not easily disturbed or broken; deep; sound. All this while in a most fast sleep. Shak.  7. Moving rapidly; quick in mition; rapid; swift; as, a fast horse.  8. Given to pleasure seeking; disregardful of restraint; reckless; wild; dissipated; dissolute; as, a fast man; a fast liver. Thackeray. Fast and loose, now cohering, now disjoined; inconstant, esp. in the phrases to play at fast and loose, to play fast and loose, to act with giddy or reckless inconstancy or in a tricky manner; to say one thing and do another "Play fast and loose with faith." Shak. Fast and loose pulleys (Mach.), two pulleys placed side by side on a revolving shaft, which is driven from another shaft by a band, and arranged to disengage and reëngage the machinery driven thereby. When the machinery is to be stopped, the band is transferred from the pulley fixed to the shaft to the pulley which revolves freely upon it, and vice versa.  -- Hard and fast (Naut.), so completely aground as to be immovable.  -- To make fast (Naut.), to make secure; to fasten firmly, as a vessel, a rope, or a door.  FAST Fast, adv. Etym: [OE. Faste firmly, strongly, quickly, AS. f. See Fast, a.]  1. In a fast, fixed, or firmly established manner; fixedly; firmly; immovably. We will bind thee fast. Judg. xv. 13.  2. In a fast or rapid manner; quickly; swiftly; extravagantly; wildly; as, to run fast; to live fast. Fast by, or Fast beside, close or near to; near at hand. He, after Eve seduced, unminded slunk Into the wood fast by. Milton. Fast by the throne obsequious Fame resides. Pope.  FAST Fast, n.  Defn: That which fastens or holds; especially, (Naut.) a mooring rope, hawser, or chain; -- called, according to its position, a bow, head, quarter, breast, or stern fast; also, a post on a pier around which hawsers are passed in mooring. 
cabbage   Cab"bage, n. Etym: [OE. cabage, fr. F. cabus headed (of cabbages), chou cobus headed cabbage, cabbage head; cf. It. capuccio a little head, cappuccio cowl, hood, cabbage, fr. capo head, L. caput, or fr. It. cappa cape. See Chiff, Cape.] (Bot.)  1. An esculent vegetable of many varieties, derived from the wild Brassica oleracea of Europe. The common cabbage has a compact head of leaves. The cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, etc., are sometimes classed as cabbages.  2. The terminal bud of certain palm trees, used, like, cabbage, for food. See Cabbage tree, below.  3. The cabbage palmetto. See below. Cabbage aphis (Zoöl.), a green plant-louse (Aphis brassicæ) which lives upon the leaves of the cabbage.  -- Cabbage Beetle (Zoöl.), a small, striped flea-beetle (Phyllotreta vittata) which lives, in the larval state, on the roots, and when adult, on the leaves, of cabbage and other cruciferous plants.  -- Cabbage butterfly (Zoöl.), a white butterfly (Pieris rapæ of both Europe and America, and the Allied P. oleracea, a native American species) which, in the larval state, devours the leaves of the cabbage and the turnip. See Cabbage worm, below.  -- Cabbage Fly (Zoöl.), a small two-winged fly (Anthomyia brassicæ), which feeds, in the larval or maggot state, on the roots of the cabbage, often doing much damage to the crop.  -- Cabbage head, the compact head formed by the leaves of a cabbage; -- contemptuously or humorously, and colloquially, a very stupid and silly person; a numskull.  -- Cabbage palmetto, a species of palm tree (Sabal Palmetto) found along the coast from North Carolina to Florida.  -- Cabbage rose (Bot.), a species of rose (Rosa centifolia) having large and heavy blossoms.  -- Cabbage tree, Cabbage palm, a name given to palms having a terminal bud called a cabbage, as the Sabal Palmetto of the United States, and the Euterpe oleracea and Oreodoxa oleracea of the West Indies.  -- Cabbage worm (Zoöl.), the larva of several species of moths and butterfies, which attacks cabbages. The most common is usully the larva of a white butterfly. See Cabbage Butterfly, above. The cabbage cutworms, which eat off the stalks or young plants during the night, are the larvæ of several species of moths, of the genus Agrotis. See Cutworm.  -- Sea cabbage.(Bot.) (a) Sea kale (b). The original Plant (Brassica oleracea), from which the cabbage, cauliflower, , broccoli, etc., have been derived by cultivation.  -- Thousand-headed cabbage. See Brussels sprouts.  CABBAGE Cab"bage, v. i.  Defn: To form a head like that the cabbage; as, to make lettuce cabbage. Johnson.  CABBAGE Cab"bage, v. i. [imp. & p.p Cabbaged; p. pr. & vb. n. Cabbaging (.] Etym: [F.cabasser, fr. OF. cabas theft; cf. F. cabas basket, and OF. cabuser to cheat.]  Defn: To purloin or embezzle, as the pieces of cloth remaining after cutting out a garment; to pilfer. Your tailor . . . cabbages whole yards of cloth. Arbuthnot.  CABBAGE Cab"bage, n.  Defn: Cloth or clippings cabbaged or purloined by one who cuts out garments. 
fuel   Fu"el, n. Etym: [OF. fouail, fuail, or fouaille, fuaille, LL. focalium, focale, fr. L. focus hearth, fireplace, in LL., fire. See Focus.] [Formerly written also fewel.]  1. Any matter used to produce heat by burning; that which feeds fire; combustible matter used for fires, as wood, coal, peat, etc.  2. Anything that serves to feed or increase passion or excitement. Artificial fuel, fuel consisting of small particles, as coal dust, sawdust, etc., consolidated into lumps or blocks.  FUEL Fu"el, v. t.  1. To feed with fuel. [Obs.] Never, alas I the dreadful name, That fuels the infernal flame. Cowley.  2. To store or furnish with fuel or firing. [Obs.] Well watered and well fueled. Sir H. Wotton. 
fire   Fire, n. Etym: [OE. fir, fyr, fur AS. fr; akin to D. vuur, OS. & OHG. fiur, G. feuer, Icel. f, f, Gr. purus pure, E. pure Cf. Empyrean, Pyre.]  1. The evolution of light and heat in the combustion of bodies; combustion; state of ignition.  Note: The form of fire exhibited in the combustion of gases in an ascending stream or current is called flame. Anciently, fire, air, earth, and water were regarded as the four elements of which all things are composed.  2. Fuel in a state of combustion, as on a hearth, or in  3. The burning of a house or town; a conflagration.  4. Anything which destroys or affects like fire.  5. Ardor of passion, whether love or hate; excessive warmth; consumingviolence of temper. he had fire in his temper.Atterbury.  6. Liveliness of imagination or fancy; intellectual and moral enthusiasm; capacity for ardor and zeal. And bless their critic with a poet's fire.Pope.  7. Splendor; brilliancy; luster; hence, a star. Stars, hide your fires.Shak. As in a zodiac representing the heavenly fires.Milton.  8. Torture by burning; severe trial or affliction.  9. The discharge of firearms; firing; as, the troops were exposed to a heavy fire. Blue fire, Red fire, Green fire (Pyrotech.), compositions of various combustible substances, as sulphur, niter, lampblack, etc., the flames of which are colored by various metallic salts, as those of antimony, strontium, barium, etc.  -- Fire alarm (a) A signal given on the breaking out of a fire. (b) An apparatus for giving such an alarm.  -- Fire annihilator, a machine, device, or preparation to be kept at hand for extinguishing fire by smothering it with some incombustible vapor or gas, as carbonic acid.  -- Fire balloon. (a) A balloon raised in the air by the buoyancy of air heated by a fire placed in the lower part. (b) A balloon sent up at night with fireworks which ignite at a regulated height. Simmonds.  -- Fire bar, a grate bar.  -- Fire basket, a portable grate; a cresset. Knight.  -- Fire beetle. (Zoöl.) See in the Vocabulary.  -- Fire blast, a disease of plants which causes them to appear as if burnt by fire.  -- Fire box, the chamber of a furnace, steam boiler, etc., for the fire.  -- Fire brick, a refractory brick, capable of sustaining intense heat without fusion, usually made of fire clay or of siliceous material, with some cementing substance, and used for lining fire boxes, etc.  -- Fire brigade, an organized body of men for extinguished fires.  -- Fire bucket. See under Bucket.  -- Fire bug, an incendiary; one who, from malice or through mania, persistently sets fire to property; a pyromaniac. [U.S.] -- Fire clay. See under Clay.  -- Fire company, a company of men managing an engine in extinguishing fires.  -- Fire cross. See Fiery cross. [Obs.] Milton.  -- Fire damp. See under Damp.  -- Fire dog. See Firedog, in the Vocabulary.  -- Fire drill. (a) A series of evolutions performed by fireman for practice. (b) An apparatus for producing fire by friction, by rapidly twirling a wooden pin in a wooden socket; -- used by the Hindoos during all historic time, and by many savage peoples.  -- Fire eater. (a) A juggler who pretends to eat fire. (b) A quarrelsome person who seeks affrays; a hotspur. [Colloq.] -- Fire engine, a portable forcing pump, usually on wheels, for throwing water to extinguish fire.  -- Fire escape, a contrivance for facilitating escape from burning buildings.  -- Fire gilding (Fine Arts), a mode of gilding with an amalgam of gold and quicksilver, the latter metal being driven off afterward by heat.  -- Fire gilt (Fine Arts), gold laid on by the process of fire gilding.  -- Fire insurance, the act or system of insuring against fire; also, a contract by which an insurance company undertakes, in consideration of the payment of a premium or small percentage -- usually made periodically -- to indemnify an owner of property from loss by fire during a specified period.  -- Fire irons, utensils for a fireplace or grate, as tongs, poker, and shovel.  -- Fire main, a pipe for water, to be used in putting out fire.  -- Fire master (Mil), an artillery officer who formerly supervised the composition of fireworks.  -- Fire office, an office at which to effect insurance against fire.  -- Fire opal, a variety of opal giving firelike reflections.  -- Fire ordeal, an ancient mode of trial, in which the test was the ability of the accused to handle or tread upon red-hot irons. Abbot.  -- Fire pan, a pan for holding or conveying fire, especially the receptacle for the priming of a gun.  -- Fire plug, a plug or hydrant for drawing water from the main pipes in a street, building, etc., for extinguishing fires.  -- Fire policy, the writing or instrument expressing the contract of insurance against loss by fire.  -- Fire pot. (a) (Mil.) A small earthen pot filled with combustibles, formerly used as a missile in war. (b) The cast iron vessel which holds the fuel or fire in a furnace. (c) A crucible. (d) A solderer's furnace.  -- Fire raft, a raft laden with combustibles, used for setting fire to an enemy's ships.  -- Fire roll, a peculiar beat of the drum to summon men to their quarters in case of fire.  -- Fire setting (Mining), the process of softening or cracking the working face of a lode, to facilitate excavation, by exposing it to the action of fire; -- now generally superseded by the use of explosives. Raymond.  -- Fire ship, a vessel filled with combustibles, for setting fire to an enemy's ships.  -- Fire shovel, a shovel for taking up coals of fire.  -- Fire stink, the stench from decomposing iron pyrites, caused by the formation of sulphureted hydrogen. Raymond.  -- Fire surface, the surfaces of a steam boiler which are exposed to the direct heat of the fuel and the products of combustion; heating surface.  -- Fire swab, a swab saturated with water, for cooling a gun in action and clearing away particles of powder, etc. Farrow.  -- Fire teaser, in England, the fireman of a steam emgine.  -- Fire water, ardent spirits; -- so called by the American Indians.  -- Fire worship, the worship of fire, which prevails chiefly in Persia, among the followers of Zoroaster, called Chebers, or Guebers, and among the Parsees of India.  -- Greek fire. See under Greek.  -- On fire, burning; hence, ardent; passionate; eager; zealous.  -- Running fire, the rapid discharge of firearms in succession by a line of troops.  -- St. Anthony's fire, erysipelas; -- an eruptive fever which St. Anthony was supposed to cure miraculously. Hoblyn.  -- St. Elmo's fire. See under Saint Elmo.  -- To set on fire, to inflame; to kindle.  -- To take fire, to begin to burn; to fly into a passion.  FIRE Fire, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Fired; p. pr. & vb. n. Fring.]  1. To set on fire; to kindle; as, to fire a house or chimney; to fire a pile.  2. To subject to intense heat; to bake; to burn in a kiln; as, to fire pottery.  3. To inflame; to irritate, as the passions; as, to fire the soul with anger, pride, or revenge. Love had fired my mind. Dryden.  4. To animate; to give life or spirit to; as, to fire the genius of a young man.  5. To feed or serve the fire of; as, to fire a boiler.  6. To light up as if by fire; to illuminate. [The sun] fires the proud tops of the eastern pines. Shak.  7. To cause to explode; as, to fire a torpedo; to disharge; as, to fire a musket or cannon; to fire cannon balls, rockets, etc.  8. To drive by fire. [Obs.] Till my bad angel fire my good one out. Shak.  9. (Far.)  Defn: To cauterize. To fire up, to light up the fires of, as of an engine.  FIRE Fire, v. i.  1. To take fire; to be kindled; to kindle.  2. To be irritated or inflamed with passion.  3. To discharge artillery or firearms; as, they fired on the town. To fire up, to grow irritated or angry. "He . . . fired up, and stood vigorously on his defense." Macaulay. 
tedious   Te"di*ous, a. Etym: [L. taediosus, fr. taedium. See Tedium.]  Defn: Involving tedium; tiresome from continuance, prolixity, slowness, or the like; wearisome.  -- Te"di*ous*ly, adv.  -- Te"di*ous*ness, n. I see a man's life is a tedious one. Shak. I would not be tedious to the court. Bunyan.  Syn.  -- Wearisome; fatiguing. See Irksome. 
repulsive   Re*pul"sive (-sv), a. Etym: [Cf. F. répulsif.]  1. Serving, or able, to repulse; repellent; as, a repulsive force. Repulsive of his might the weapon stood. Pope.  2. Cold; forbidding; offensive; as, repulsive manners.  -- Re*pul"sive*ly, adv.  -- Re*pul"sive*ness, n. 
rings  Word is not found.
protective   Pro*tect"ive, a. Etym: [Cf. F. protectif.]  Defn: Affording protection; sheltering; defensive. " The favor of a protective Providence." Feltham. Protective coloring (Zoöl.), coloring which serves for the concealment and preservation of a living organism. Cf. Mimicry. Wallace.  -- Protective tariff (Polit. Econ.), a tariff designed to secure protection (see Protection, 4.), as distinguished from a tariff designed to raise revenue. See Tariff, and Protection, 4. 
writer   Writ"er, n. Etym: [AS. writere.]  1. One who writes, or has written; a scribe; a clerk. They [came] that handle the pen of the writer. Judg. v. 14. My tongue is the pen of a ready writer. Ps. xlv. 1.  2. One who is engaged in literary composition as a profession; an author; as, a writer of novels. This pitch, as ancient writers do report, doth defile. Shak.  3. A clerk of a certain rank in the service of the late East India Company, who, after serving a certain number of years, became a factor. Writer of the tallies (Eng. Law), an officer of the exchequer of England, who acted as clerk to the auditor of the receipt, and wrote the accounts upon the tallies from the tellers' bills. The use of tallies in the exchequer has been abolished. Wharton (Law. Dict.) -- Writer's cramp, palsy, or spasm (Med.), a painful spasmodic affection of the muscles of the fingers, brought on by excessive use, as in writing, violin playing, telegraphing, etc. Called also scrivener's palsy.  -- Writer to the signet. See under Signet. 
basket   Bas"ket, n. Etym: [Of unknown origin. The modern Celtic words seem to be from the English.]  1. A vessel made of osiers or other twigs, cane, rushes, splints, or other flexible material, interwoven. "Rude baskets . . . woven of the flexile willow." Dyer.  2. The contents of a basket; as much as a basket contains; as, a basket of peaches.  3. (Arch.)  Defn: The bell or vase of the Corinthian capital. [Improperly so used.] Gwilt.  4. The two back seats facing one another on the outside of a stagecoach. [Eng.] Goldsmith. Basket fish (Zoöl.), an ophiuran of the genus Astrophyton, having the arms much branched. See Astrophyton.  -- Basket hilt, a hilt with a covering wrought like basketwork to protect the hand. Hudibras. Hence, Baskethilted, a.  -- Basket work, work consisting of plaited osiers or twigs.  -- Basket worm (Zoöl.), a lepidopterous insect of the genus Thyridopteryx and allied genera, esp. T. ephemeræformis. The larva makes and carries about a bag or basket-like case of silk and twigs, which it afterwards hangs up to shelter the pupa and wingless adult females.  BASKET Bas"ket, v. t.  Defn: To put into a basket. [R.]  BASKET BALL Bas"ket ball`.  Defn: A game, usually played indoors, in which two parties of players contest with each other to toss a large inflated ball into opposite goals resembling baskets. 
salty   Salt"y, a.  Defn: Somewhat salt; saltish. 
itchy   Itch"y, a.  Defn: Infected with the itch, or with an itching sensation. Cowper.  -ITE -ite. Etym: [From Gr.  1. A suffix denoting one of a party, a sympathizer with or adherent of, and the like, and frequently used in ridicule; as, a Millerite; a Benthamite.  2. A suffix used in naming minerals; as, chlorite, from its characteristic green color; barite, from its heaviness; graphite, from its use in writing.  3. (Chem.)  Defn: A suffix used to denote the salts formed from those acids whose names end in -ous; as, sulphite, from sulphurous; nitrite, from nitrous acid, etc. 
ruthless   Ruth"less, a.  Defn: Having no ruth; cruel; pitiless. Their rage the hostile bands restrain, All but the ruthless monarch of the main. Pope. -- Ruth"less*ly, adv.  -- Ruth"less*ness, n. 
malicious   Ma*li"cious, a. Etym: [Of. malicius, F. malicieux, fr. L. malitiosus. See Malice.]  1. Indulging or exercising malice; harboring ill will or enmity. I grant him bloody, . . . Sudden, malicious, smacking of every sin That has a name. Shak.  2. Proceeding from hatred or ill will; dictated by malice; as, a malicious report; malicious mischief.  3. (Law)  Defn: With wicked or mischievous intentions or motives; wrongful and done intentionally without just cause or excuse; as, a malicious act. Malicious abandonment, the desertion of a wife or husband without just cause. Burrill.  -- Malicious mischief (Law), malicious injury to the property of another; -- an offense at common law. Wharton.  -- Malicious prosecution or arrest (Law), a wanton prosecution or arrest, by regular process in a civil or criminal proceeding, without probable cause. Bouvier.  Syn.  -- Ill-disposed; evil-minded; mischievous; envious; malevolent; invidious; spiteful; bitter; malignant; rancorous; malign.  -- Ma*li"cious*ly, adv.  -- Ma*li"cious*ness, n. 
screw   Screw, n. Etym: [OE. scrue, OF. escroue, escroe, female screw, F. écrou, L. scrobis a ditch, trench, in LL., the hole made by swine in rooting; cf. D. schroef a screw, G. schraube, Icel. skr.]  1. A cylinder, or a cylindrical perforation, having a continuous rib, called the thread, winding round it spirally at a constant inclination, so as to leave a continuous spiral groove, between one turn and the next, -- used chiefly for producing, when revolved, motion or pressure in the direction of its axis, by the sliding of the threads of the cylinder in the grooves between the threads of the perforation adapted to it, the former being distinguished as the external, or male screw, or, more usually the screw; the latter as the internal, or female screw, or, more usually, the nut.  Note: The screw, as a mechanical power, is a modification of the inclined plane, and may be regarded as a right-angled triangle wrapped round a cylinder, the hypotenuse of the marking the spiral thread of the screw, its base equaling the circumference of the cylinder, and its height the pitch of the thread.  2. Specifically, a kind of nail with a spiral thread and a head with a nick to receive the end of the screw-driver. Screws are much used to hold together pieces of wood or to fasten something; -- called also wood screws, and screw nails. See also Screw bolt, below.  3. Anything shaped or acting like a screw; esp., a form of wheel for propelling steam vessels. It is placed at the stern, and furnished with blades having helicoidal surfaces to act against the water in the manner of a screw. See Screw propeller, below.  4. A steam vesel propelled by a screw instead of wheels; a screw steamer; a propeller.  5. An extortioner; a sharp bargainer; a skinflint; a niggard. Thackeray.  6. An instructor who examines with great or unnecessary severity; also, a searching or strict examination of a student by an instructor. [Cant, American Colleges]  7. A small packet of tobacco. [Slang] Mayhew.  8. An unsound or worn-out horse, useful as a hack, and commonly of good appearance. Ld. Lytton.  9. (Math.)  Defn: A straight line in space with which a definite linear magnitude termed the pitch is associated (cf. 5th Pitch, 10 (b)). It is used to express the displacement of a rigid body, which may always be made to consist of a rotation about an axis combined with a translation parallel to that axis.  10. (Zoöl.)  Defn: An amphipod crustacean; as, the skeleton screw (Caprella). See Sand screw, under Sand. Archimedes screw, Compound screw, Foot screw, etc. See under Archimedes, Compound, Foot, etc.  -- A screw loose, something out of order, so that work is not done smoothly; as, there is a screw loose somewhere. H. Martineau.  -- Endless, or perpetual screw, a screw used to give motion to a toothed wheel by the action of its threads between the teeth of the wheel; -- called also a worm.  -- Lag screw. See under Lag.  -- Micrometer screw, a screw with fine threads, used for the measurement of very small spaces.  -- Right and left screw, a screw having threads upon the opposite ends which wind in opposite directions.  -- Screw alley. See Shaft alley, under Shaft.  -- Screw bean. (Bot.) (a) The curious spirally coiled pod of a leguminous tree (Prosopis pubescens) growing from Texas to California. It is used for fodder, and ground into meal by the Indians. (b) The tree itself. Its heavy hard wood is used for fuel, for fencing, and for railroad ties.  -- Screw bolt, a bolt having a screw thread on its shank, in distinction from a key bolt. See 1st Bolt, 3.  -- Screw box, a device, resembling a die, for cutting the thread on a wooden screw.  -- Screw dock. See under Dock.  -- Screw engine, a marine engine for driving a screw propeller.  -- Screw gear. See Spiral gear, under Spiral.  -- Screw jack. Same as Jackscrew.  -- Screw key, a wrench for turming a screw or nut; a spanner wrench.  -- Screw machine. (a) One of a series of machines employed in the manufacture of wood screws. (b) A machine tool resembling a lathe, having a number of cutting tools that can be caused to act on the work successively, for making screws and other turned pieces from metal rods.  -- Screw pine (Bot.), any plant of the endogenous genus Pandanus, of which there are about fifty species, natives of tropical lands from Africa to Polynesia; -- named from the spiral arrangement of the pineapple-like leaves.  -- Screw plate, a device for cutting threads on small screws, consisting of a thin steel plate having a series of perforations with internal screws forming dies.  -- Screw press, a press in which pressure is exerted by means of a screw.  -- Screw propeller, a screw or spiral bladed wheel, used in the propulsion of steam vessels; also, a steam vessel propelled by a screw.  -- Screw shell (Zoöl.), a long, slender, spiral gastropod shell, especially of the genus Turritella and allied genera. See Turritella.  -- Screw steamer, a steamship propelled by a screw.  -- Screw thread, the spiral which forms a screw.  -- Screw stone (Paleon.), the fossil stem of an encrinite.  -- Screw tree (Bot.), any plant of the genus Helicteres, consisting of about thirty species of tropical shrubs, with simple leaves and spirally twisted, five-celled capsules; -- also called twisted-horn, and twisty.  -- Screw valve, a stop valve which is opened or closed by a screw.  -- Screw worm (Zoöl.), the larva of an American fly (Compsomyia macellaria), allied to the blowflies, which sometimes deposits its eggs in the nostrils, or about wounds, in man and other animals, with fatal results.  -- Screw wrench. (a) A wrench for turning a screw. (b) A wrench with an adjustable jaw that is moved by a screw.  -- To put the screw, or screws, on, to use pressure upon, as for the purpose of extortion; to coerce.  -- To put under the screw or screws, to subject to presure; to force.  -- Wood screw, a metal screw with a sharp thread of coarse pitch, adapted to holding fast in wood. See Illust. of Wood screw, under Wood.  SCREW Screw, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Screwed; p. pr. & vb. n. Screwing.]  1. To turn, as a screw; to apply a screw to; to press, fasten, or make firm, by means of a screw or screws; as, to screw a lock on a door; to screw a press.  2. To force; to squeeze; to press, as by screws. But screw your courage to the sticking place, And we'll not fail. Shak.  3. Hence: To practice extortion upon; to oppress by unreasonable or extortionate exactions. Our country landlords, by unmeasureable screwing and racking their tenants, have already reduced the miserable people to a worse condition than the peasants in France. swift.  4. To twist; to distort; as, to screw his visage. He screwed his face into a hardened smile. Dryden.  5. To examine rigidly, as a student; to subject to a severe examination. [Cant, American Colleges] To screw out, to press out; to extort.  -- To screw up, to force; to bring by violent pressure. Howell.  -- To screw in, to force in by turning or twisting.  SCREW Screw, v. i.  1. To use violent mans in making exactions; to be oppressive or exacting. Howitt.  2. To turn one's self uneasily with a twisting motion; as, he screws about in his chair.  SCREW-CUTTING Screw"-cut`ting, a.  Defn: Adapted for forming a screw by cutting; as, a screw-cutting lathe.  SCREW-DRIVER Screw"-driv`er, n.  Defn: A tool for turning screws so as to drive them into their place. It has a thin end which enters the nick in the head of the screw. 
endurable   En*dur"a*ble, a. Etym: [Cf. OF. endurable. See Endure.]  Defn: Capable of being endured or borne; sufferable. Macaulay.  -- En*dur"a*ble*ness, n. 
divergent   Di*ver"gent, a. Etym: [Cf. F. divergent. See Diverge.]  1. Receding farther and farther from each other, as lines radiating from one point; deviating gradually from a given direction; -- opposed to convergent.  2. (Optics)  Defn: Causing divergence of rays; as, a divergent lens.  3. Fig.: Disagreeing from something given; differing; as, a divergent statement. Divergent series. (Math.) See Diverging series, under Diverging. 
thirsty   Thirst"y, a. [Compar. Thirstier; superl. Thirstiest.] Etym: [AS. . See Thirst, n.]  1. Feeling thirst; having a painful or distressing sensation from want of drink; hence, having an eager desire. Give me, I pray thee, a little water to drink, for I am thirsty. Judges iv. 19.  2. Deficient in moisture; dry; parched. A dry and thirsty land, where no water is. Ps. lxiii. 1. When in the sultry glebe I faint, Or on the thirsty mountain pant. Addison. 
remind   Re*mind" (r-mnd"), v. t.  Defn: To put (one) in mind of something; to bring to the remembrance of; to bring to the notice or consideration of (a person). When age itself, which will not be defied, shall begin to arrest, seize, and remind us of our mortality. South. 
hurt   Hurt, n. (Mach.) (a) A band on a trip-hammer helve, bearing the trunnions. (b) A husk. See Husk, 2.  HURT Hurt, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Hurt; p. pr. & vb. n. Hurting.] Etym: [OE. hurten, hirten, horten, herten; prob. fr. OF. hurter, heurter, to knock, thrust, strike, F. heurter; cf. W. hyrddu to push, drive, assault, hwrdd a stroke, blow, push; also, a ram, the orig. sense of the verb thus perhaps being, to butt as a ram; cf. D. horten to push, strike, MHG. hurten, both prob. fr. Old French.]  1. To cause physical pain to; to do bodily harm to; to wound or bruise painfully. The hurt lion groans within his den. Dryden.  2. To impar the value, usefulness, beauty, or pleasure of; to damage; to injure; to harm. Virtue may be assailed, but never hurt. Milton.  3. To wound the feelings of; to cause mental pain to; to offend in honor or self-respect; to annoy; to grieve. "I am angry and hurt." Thackeray. 
bent   Bent,  Defn: imp. & p. p. of Bend.  BENT Bent, a. & p. p.  1. Changed by pressure so as to be no longer straight; crooked; as, a bent pin; a bent lever.  2. Strongly inclined toward something, so as to be resolved, determined, set, etc.; -- said of the mind, character, disposition, desires, etc., and used with on; as, to be bent on going to college; he is bent on mischief.  BENT Bent, n. Etym: [See Bend, n. & v.]  1. The state of being curved, crooked, or inclined from a straight line; flexure; curvity; as, the bent of a bow. [Obs.] Wilkins.  2. A declivity or slope, as of a hill. [R.] Dryden.  3. A leaning or bias; proclivity; tendency of mind; inclination; disposition; purpose; aim. Shak. With a native bent did good pursue. Dryden.  4. Particular direction or tendency; flexion; course. Bents and turns of the matter. Locke.  5. (Carp.)  Defn: A transverse frame of a framed structure.  6. Tension; force of acting; energy; impetus. [Archaic] The full bent and stress of the soul. Norris.  Syn.  -- Predilection; turn. Bent, Bias, Inclination, Prepossession. These words agree in describing a permanent influence upon the mind which tends to decide its actions. Bent denotes a fixed tendency of the mind in a given direction. It is the widest of these terms, and applies to the will, the intellect, and the affections, taken conjointly; as, the whole bent of his character was toward evil practices. Bias is literally a weight fixed on one side of a ball used in bowling, and causing it to swerve from a straight course. Used figuratively, bias applies particularly to the judgment, and denotes something which acts with a permanent force on the character through that faculty; as, the bias of early education, early habits, etc. Inclination is an excited state of desire or appetency; as, a strong inclination to the study of the law. Prepossession is a mingled state of feeling and opinion in respect to some person or subject, which has laid hold of and occupied the mind previous to inquiry. The word is commonly used in a good sense, an unfavorable impression of this kind being denominated a prejudice. "Strong minds will be strongly bent, and usually labor under a strong bias; but there is no mind so weak and powerless as not to have its inclinations, and none so guarded as to be without its prepossessions." Crabb.  BENT Bent, n. Etym: [AS. beonet; akin to OHG. pinuz, G. binse, rush, bent grass; of unknown origin.]  1. A reedlike grass; a stalk of stiff, coarse grass. His spear a bent, both stiff and strong. Drayton.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: A grass of the genus Agrostis, esp. Agrostis vulgaris, or redtop. The name is also used of many other grasses, esp. in America.  3. Any neglected field or broken ground; a common; a moor. [Obs.] Wright. Bowmen bickered upon the bent. Chevy Chase.  BENT GRASS Bent" grass`. (Bot.)  Defn: Same as Bent, a kind of grass. 
mother   Moth"er, n. Etym: [OE. moder, AS. modor; akin to D. moeder, OS. modar, G. mutter, OHG. muotar, Icel. moedhir, Dan. & Sw. moder, OSlav. mati, Russ. mate, Ir. & Gael. mathair, L. mater, Gr. mh`thr, Skr. matrs; cf. Skr. ma to measure. *268. Cf. Material, Matrix, Metropolis, Father.]  1. A female parent; especially, one of the human race; a woman who has borne a child.  2. That which has produced or nurtured anything; source of birth or origin; generatrix. Alas! poor country! ... it can not Be called our mother, but our grave. Shak. I behold ... the solitary majesty of Crete, mother of a religion, it is said, that lived two thousand years. Landor.  3. An old woman or matron. [Familiar]  4. The female superior or head of a religious house, as an abbess, etc.  5. Hysterical passion; hysteria. [Obs.] Shak. Mother Carey's chicken (Zoöl.), any one of several species of small petrels, as the stormy petrel (Procellaria pelagica), and Leach's petrel (Oceanodroma leucorhoa), both of the Atlantic, and O. furcata of the North Pacific.  -- Mother Carey's goose (Zoöl.), the giant fulmar of the Pacific. See Fulmar.  -- Mother's mark (Med.), a congenital mark upon the body; a nævus.  MOTHER Moth"er, a.  Defn: Received by birth or from ancestors; native, natural; as, mother language; also acting the part, or having the place of a mother; producing others; originating. It is the mother falsehood from which all idolatry is derived. T. Arnold. Mother cell (Biol.), a cell which, by endogenous divisions, gives rise to other cells (daughter cells); a parent cell.  -- Mother church, the original church; a church from which other churches have sprung; as, the mother church of a diocese.  -- Mother country, the country of one's parents or ancestors; the country from which the people of a colony derive their origin.  -- Mother liquor (Chem.), the impure or complex residual solution which remains after the salts readily or regularly crystallizing have been removed.  -- Mother queen, the mother of a reigning sovereign; a queen mother.  -- Mother tongue. (a) A language from which another language has had its origin. (b) The language of one's native land; native tongue.  -- Mother water. See Mother liquor (above).  -- Mother wit, natural or native wit or intelligence.  MOTHER Moth"er, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Mothered; p. pr. & vb. n. Mothering.]  Defn: To adopt as a son or daughter; to perform the duties of a mother to. The queen, to have put lady Elizabeth besides the crown, would have mothered another body's child. Howell.  MOTHER Moth"er, n. Etym: [Akin to D. modder mud, G. moder mold, mud, Dan. mudder mud, and to E. mud. See Mud.]  Defn: A film or membrane which is developed on the surface of fermented alcoholic liquids, such as vinegar, wine, etc., and acts as a means of conveying the oxygen of the air to the alcohol and other combustible principles of the liquid, thus leading to their oxidation.  Note: The film is composed of a mass of rapidly developing microörganisms of the genus Mycoderma, and in the mother of vinegar the microörganisms (Mycoderma aceti) composing the film are the active agents in the Conversion of the alcohol into vinegar. When thickened by growth, the film may settle to the bottom of the fluid. See Acetous fermentation, under Fermentation.  MOTHER Moth"er, v. i.  Defn: To become like, or full of, mother, or thick matter, as vinegar. 
unbiased   Un*bi"ased, a. Etym: [Pref. un- + biased.]  Defn: Free from bias or prejudice; unprejudiced; impartial.  -- Un*bi"ased*ness, n.  UNBID; UNBIDDEN Un*bid", Un*bid"den, a.  1. Not bidden; not commanded. Thorns also and thistles it shall bring thee forth Unbid; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field. Milton.  2. Uninvited; as, unbidden guests. Shak.  3. Being without a prayer. [Obs.] Spenser. 
utter   Ut"ter, a. Etym: [OE. utter, originally the same word as outer. See Out, and cf. Outer, Utmost.]  1. Outer. "Thine utter eyen." Chaucer. [Obs.] "By him a shirt and utter mantle laid." Chapman. As doth an hidden moth The inner garment fret, not th' utter touch. Spenser.  2. Situated on the outside, or extreme limit; remote from the center; outer. [Obs.] Through utter and through middle darkness borne. Milton. The very utter part pf Saint Adelmes point is five miles from Sandwich. Holinshed.  3. Complete; perfect; total; entire; absolute; as, utter ruin; utter darkness. They . . . are utter strangers to all those anxious thoughts which disquiet mankind. Atterbury.  4. Peremptory; unconditional; unqualified; final; as, an utter refusal or denial. Clarendon. Utter bar (Law), the whole body of junior barristers. See Outer bar, under 1st Outer. [Eng.] -- Utter barrister (Law), one recently admitted as barrister, who is accustomed to plead without, or outside, the bar, as distinguished from the benchers, who are sometimes permitted to plead within the bar. [Eng.] Cowell.  UTTER Ut"ter, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Uttered; p. pr. & vb. n. Uttering.] Etym: [OE. outren, freq. of outen to utter, put out, AS. utian to put out, eject, fr. ut out. sq. root198. See Out, and cf. Utter, a.]  1. To put forth or out; to reach out. [Obs.] How bragly [proudly] it begins to bud, And utter his tender head. Spenser.  2. To dispose of in trade; to sell or vend. [Obs.] Such mortal drugs I have, but Mantua's law Is death to any he that utters them. Shak. They bring it home, and utter it commonly by the name of Newfoundland fish. Abp. Abbot.  3. hence, to put in circulation, as money; to put off, as currency; to cause to pass in trade; -- often used, specifically, of the issue of counterfeit notes or coins, forged or fraudulent documents, and the like; as, to utter coin or bank notes. The whole kingdom should continue in a firm resolution never to receive or utter this fatal coin. Swift.  4. To give public expression to; to disclose; to publish; to speak; to pronounce. "Sweet as from blest, uttering joy." Milton. The words I utter Let none think flattery, for they 'll find 'em truth. Shak. And the last words he uttered called me cruel. Addison.  Syn.  -- To deliver; give forth; issue; liberate; discharge; pronounce. See Deliver. 
arrest   Ar*rest", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Arrested; p. pr. & vb. n. Arresting.] Etym: [OE. aresten, OF. arester, F. arrêter, fr. LL. arrestare; L. ad + restare to remain, stop; re + stare to stand. See Rest remainder.]  1. To stop; to check or hinder the motion or action of; as, to arrest the current of a river; to arrest the senses. Nor could her virtues the relentless hand Of Death arrest. Philips.  2. (Law)  Defn: To take, seize, or apprehend by authority of law; as, to arrest one for debt, or for a crime.  Note: After his word Shakespeare uses of ("I arrest thee of high treason") or on; the modern usage is for.  3. To seize on and fix; to hold; to catch; as, to arrest the eyes or attention. Buckminster.  4. To rest or fasten; to fix; to concentrate. [Obs.] We may arrest our thoughts upon the divine mercies. Jer. Taylor.  Syn.  -- To obstruct; delay; detain; check; hinder; stop; apprehend; seize; lay hold of.  ARREST Ar*rest", v. i.  Defn: To tarry; to rest. [Obs.] Spenser.  ARREST Ar*rest", n. Etym: [OE. arest, arrest, OF. arest, F. arrêt, fr. arester. See Arrest, v. t., Arr.]  1. The act of stopping, or restraining from further motion, etc.; stoppage; hindrance; restraint; as, an arrest of development. As the arrest of the air showeth. Bacon.  2. (Law)  Defn: The taking or apprehending of a person by authority of law; legal restraint; custody. Also, a decree, mandate, or warrant. William . . . ordered him to be put under arrest. Macaulay. [Our brother Norway] sends out arrests On Fortinbras; which he, in brief, obeys. Shak.  Note: An arrest may be made by seizing or touching the body; but it is sufficient in the party be within the power of the officer and submit to the arrest. In Admiralty law, and in old English practice, the term is applied to the seizure of property.  3. Any seizure by power, physical or moral. The sad stories of fire from heaven, the burning of his sheep, etc., . . . were sad arrests to his troubled spirit. Jer. Taylor.  4. (Far.)  Defn: A scurfiness of the back part of the hind leg of a horse; -- also named rat-tails. White. Arrest of judgment (Law), the staying or stopping of a judgment, after verdict, for legal cause. The motion for this purpose is called a motion in arrest of judgment. 
place   Place, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. platea a street, an area, a courtyard, from Gr. platei^a a street, properly fem. of platy`s, flat, broad; akin to Skr. prsthu, Lith. platus. Cf. Flawn, Piazza, Plate, Plaza.]  1. Any portion of space regarded as measured off or distinct from all other space, or appropriated to some definite object or use; position; ground; site; spot; rarely, unbounded space. Here is the place appointed. Shak. What place can be for us Within heaven's bound Milton. The word place has sometimes a more confused sense, and stands for that space which any body takes up; and so the universe is a place. Locke.  2. A broad way in a city; an open space; an area; a court or short part of a street open only at one end. "Hangman boys in the market place." Shak.  3. A position which is occupied and held; a dwelling; a mansion; a village, town, or city; a fortified town or post; a stronghold; a region or country. Are you native of this place Shak.  4. Rank; degree; grade; order of priority, advancement, dignity, or importance; especially, social rank or position; condition; also, official station; occupation; calling. "The enervating magic of place." Hawthorne. Men in great place are thrice servants. Bacon. I know my place as I would they should do theirs. Shak.  5. Vacated or relinquished space; room; stead (the departure or removal of another being or thing being implied). "In place of Lord Bassanio." Shak.  6. A definite position or passage of a document. The place of the scripture which he read was this. Acts viii. 32.  7. Ordinal relation; position in the order of proceeding; as, he said in the first place.  8. Reception; effect; -- implying the making room for. My word hath no place in you. John viii. 37.  9. (Astron.)  Defn: Position in the heavens, as of a heavenly body; -- usually defined by its right ascension and declination, or by its latitude and longitude. Place of arms (Mil.), a place calculated for the rendezvous of men in arms, etc., as a fort which affords a safe retreat for hospitals, magazines, etc. Wilhelm.  -- High place (Script.), a mount on which sacrifices were offered. "Him that offereth in the high place." Jer. xlviii. 35.  -- In place, in proper position; timely.  -- Out of place, inappropriate; ill-timed; as, his remarks were out of place.  -- Place kick (Football), the act of kicking the ball after it has been placed on the ground.  -- Place name, the name of a place or locality. London Academy.  -- To give place, to make room; to yield; to give way; to give advantage. "Neither give place to the devil." Eph. iv. 27. "Let all the rest give place." Shak.  -- To have place, to have a station, room, or seat; as, such desires can have no place in a good heart.  -- To take place. (a) To come to pass; to occur; as, the ceremony will not take place. (b) To take precedence or priority. Addison. (c) To take effect; to prevail. "If your doctrine takes place." Berkeley. "But none of these excuses would take place." Spenser.  -- To take the place of, to be substituted for.  Syn.  -- Situation; seat; abode; position; locality; location; site; spot; office; employment; charge; function; trust; ground; room; stead.  PLACE Place, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Placed; p. pr. & vb. n. Placing.] Etym: [Cf. F. placer. See Place, n.]  1. To assign a place to; to put in a particular spot or place, or in a certain relative position; to direct to a particular place; to fix; to settle; to locate; as, to place a book on a shelf; to place balls in tennis. Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown. Shak.  2. To put or set in a particular rank, office, or position; to surround with particular circumstances or relations in life; to appoint to certain station or condition of life; as, in whatever sphere one is placed. Place such over them to be rulers. Ex. xviii. 21.  3. To put out at interest; to invest; to loan; as, to place money in a bank.  4. To set; to fix; to repose; as, to place confidence in a friend. "My resolution 's placed." Shak.  5. To attribute; to ascribe; to set down. Place it for her chief virtue. Shak. To place (a person), to identify him. [Colloq. U.S.]  Syn.  -- See Put. 
furry   Fur"ry, a. Etym: [From Fur.]  1. Covered with fur; dressed in fur. "Furry nations." Thomson.  2. Consisting of fur; as, furry spoils. Dryden.  3. Resembling fur. 
bath   Bath, n.; pl. Baths. Etym: [AS. bæ; akin to OS. & Icel. ba, Sw., Dan., D., & G. bad, and perh. to G. bähen to foment.]  1. The act of exposing the body, or part of the body, for purposes of cleanliness, comfort, health, etc., to water, vapor, hot air, or the like; as, a cold or a hot bath; a medicated bath; a steam bath; a hip bath.  2. Water or other liquid for bathing.  3. A receptacle or place where persons may immerse or wash their bodies in water.  4. A building containing an apartment or a series of apartments arranged for bathing. Among the ancients, the public baths were of amazing extent and magnificence. Gwilt.  5. (Chem.)  Defn: A medium, as heated sand, ashes, steam, hot air, through which heat is applied to a body.  6. (Photog.)  Defn: A solution in which plates or prints are immersed; also, the receptacle holding the solution.  Note: Bath is used adjectively or in combination, in an obvious sense of or for baths or bathing; as, bathroom, bath tub, bath keeper. Douche bath. See Douche.  -- Order of the Bath, a high order of British knighthood, composed of three classes, viz., knights grand cross, knights commanders, and knights companions, abbreviated thus: G. C. B., K. C. B., K. B.  -- Russian bath, a kind of vapor bath which consists in a prolonged exposure of the body to the influence of the steam of water, followed by washings and shampooings.  -- Turkish bath, a kind of bath in which a profuse perspiration is produced by hot air, after which the body is washed and shampooed.  -- Bath house, a house used for the purpose of bathing; -- also a small house, near a bathing place, where a bather undresses and dresses.  BATH Bath, n. Etym: [Heb.]  Defn: A Hebrew measure containing the tenth of a homer, or five gallons and three pints, as a measure for liquids; and two pecks and five quarts, as a dry measure.  BATH Bath, n.  Defn: A city in the west of England, resorted to for its hot springs, which has given its name to various objects. Bath brick, a preparation of calcareous earth, in the form of a brick, used for cleaning knives, polished metal, etc.  -- Bath chair, a kind of chair on wheels, as used by invalids at Bath. "People walked out, or drove out, or were pushed out in their Bath chairs." Dickens.  -- Bath metal, an alloy consisting of four and a half ounces of zinc and one pound of copper.  -- Bath note, a folded writing paper, 8 1/2 by 14 inches.  -- Bath stone, a species of limestone (oölite) found near Bath, used for building. 
rainy   Rain"y, a. Etym: [AS. regenig.]  Defn: Abounding with rain; wet; showery; as, rainy day or season. 
deer   Deer, n. sing. & pl. Etym: [OE. der, door, animal, wild animal, AS. deór; akin to D. dier, OFries. diar, G. thier, tier, Icel. d, Dan. dyr, Sw. djur, Goth. dius; of unknown origin.  1. Any animal; especially, a wild animal. [Obs.] Chaucer. Mice and rats, and such small deer. Shak. The camel, that great deer. Lindisfarne MS.  2. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A ruminant of the genus Cervus, of many species, and of related genera of the family Cervidæ. The males, and in some species the females, have solid antlers, often much branched, which are shed annually. Their flesh, for which they are hunted, is called venison.  Note: The deer hunted in England is Cervus elaphus, called also stag or red deer; the fallow deer is C. dama; the common American deer is C. Virginianus; the blacktailed deer of Western North America is C. Columbianus; and the mule deer of the same region is C. macrotis. See Axis, Fallow deer, Mule deer, Reindeer.  Note: Deer is much used adjectively, or as the first part of a compound; as, deerkiller, deerslayer, deerslaying, deer hunting, deer stealing, deerlike, etc. Deer mouse (Zoöl.), the white-footed mouse (Hesperomys leucopus) of America.  -- Small deer, petty game, not worth pursuing; -- used metaphorically. (See citation from Shakespeare under the first definition, above.) "Minor critics . . . can find leisure for the chase of such small deer." G. P. Marsh. 
psychedelic  Word is not found.
scare   Scare, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Scared; p. pr. & vb. n. Scaring.] Etym: [OE. skerren, skeren, Icel. skirra to bar, prevent, skirrask to shun , shrink from; or fr. OE. skerre, adj., scared, Icel. skjarr; both perhaps akin to E. sheer to turn.]  Defn: To frighten; to strike with sudden fear; to alarm. The noise of thy crossbow Will scare the herd, and so my shoot is lost. Shak. To scare away, to drive away by frightening.  -- To scare up, to find by search, as if by beating for game. [Slang]  Syn.  -- To alarm; frighten; startle; affright; terrify.  SCARE Scare, n.  Defn: Fright; esp., sudden fright produced by a trifling cause, or originating in mistake. [Colloq.] 
quiet   Qui"et, a. [Compar. Quieter; superl. Quietest.] Etym: [L. quietus, p. p. pf quiescere to rest, keep quiet; akin to quies rest, and prob. to E. while, n. See While, and cf. Coy, a., Quiesce, Quietus, Quit, a., Quite, Requiem.]  1. In a state of rest or calm; without stir, motion, or agitation; still; as, a quiet sea; quiet air. They . . . were quiet all the night, saying, In the morning, when it is day, we shall kill him. Judg. xvi. 2.  2. Free from noise or disturbance; hushed; still.  3. Not excited or anxious; calm; peaceful; placid; settled; as, a quiet life; a quiet conscience. " So quiet and so sweet a style." Shak. That son, who on the quiet state of man Such trouble brought. Milton.  4. Not giving offense; not exciting disorder or trouble; not turbulent; gentle; mild; meek; contented. The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit. 1 Pet. iii. 4. I will sit as quiet as a lamb. Shak.  5. Not showy; not such as to attract attention; undemonstrative; as, a quiet dress; quiet colors; a quiet movement.  Syn.  -- Still; tranquil; calm; unruffled; smooth; unmolested; undisturbed; placid; peaceful; mild; peaceable; meek; contented.  QUIET Qui"et n. Etym: [L. quies, -etis. See Quiet, a.]  1. The quality or state of being quiet, or in repose; as an hour or a time of quiet.  2. Freedom from disturbance, noise, or alarm; stillness; tranquillity; peace; security. And join with thee, calm Peace and Quiet. Milton. At quiet, still; peaceful.  -- In quiet, quietly. " I will depart in quiet." Shak.  -- Out of quiet, disturbed; restless. [Obs.] "She is much out of quiet." Shak.  QUIET Qui"et, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Quieted; p. pr. & vb. n. Quieting.]  1. To stop motion in; to still; to reduce to a state of rest, or of silence.  2. To calm; to appease; to pacify; to lull; to allay; to tranquillize; as, to quiet the passions; to quiet clamors or disorders; to quiet pain or grief. Quiet yourselves, I pray, and be at peace. Shak.  QUIET Qui"et, v. i.  Defn: To become still, silent, or calm; -- often with down; as, be soon quieted down. 
skip   Skip, n. Etym: [See Skep.]  1. A basket. See Skep. [Obs. or Prov. Eng. & Scot.]  2. A basket on wheels, used in cotton factories.  3. (Mining)  Defn: An iron bucket, which slides between guides, for hoisting mineral and rock.  4. (Sugar Manuf.)  Defn: A charge of sirup in the pans.  5. A beehive; a skep.  SKIP Skip, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Skipped; p. pr. & vb. n. Skipping.] Etym: [OE. skippen, of uncertain origin; cf. Icel. skopa run, skoppa to spin like a top, OSw. & dial. Sw. skimmpa to run, skimpa, skompa, to hop, skip; or Ir. sgiob to snatch, Gael. sgiab to start or move suddenly, to snatch, W. ysgipio to snatch.]  1. To leap lightly; to move in leaps and hounds; -- commonly implying a sportive spirit. The lamb thy riot dooms to bleed to-day, Had he thy reason, would he skip and play Pope. So she drew her mother away skipping, dancing, and frisking fantastically. Hawthorne.  2. Fig.: To leave matters unnoticed, as in reading, speaking, or writing; to pass by, or overlook, portions of a thing; -- often followed by over.  SKIP Skip, v. t.  1. To leap lightly over; as, to skip the rope.  2. To pass over or by without notice; to omit; to miss; as, to skip a line in reading; to skip a lesson. They who have a mind to see the issue may skip these two chapters. Bp. Burnet.  3. To cause to skip; as, to skip a stone. [Colloq.]  SKIP Skip, n.  1. A light leap or bound.  2. The act of passing over an interval from one thing to another; an omission of a part.  3. (Mus.)  Defn: A passage from one sound to another by more than a degree at once. Busby. Skip kennel, a lackey; a footboy. [Slang.] Swift.  -- Skip mackerel. (Zoöl.) See Bluefish, 1. 
reply   Re*ply" (r-pl"), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Replied (-pld"); p. pr. & vb. n. Replying.] Etym: [OE. replien, OF. replier, F. répliquer, fr. L. replicare to fold back, make a reply; pref. re- re- + plicare to fold. See Ply, and cf. Replica.]  1. To make a return in words or writing; to respond; to answer. O man, who art thou that repliest against God Rom. ix. 20.  2. (Law)  Defn: To answer a defendant's plea.  3. Figuratively, to do something in return for something done; as, to reply to a signal; to reply to the fire of a battery.  Syn.  -- To answer; respond; rejoin.  REPLY Re*ply", v. t.  Defn: To return for an answer. Milton. Lords, vouchsafe To give me hearing what I shall reply. Shak.  REPLY Re*ply", n.; pl. Replies (-pl. Etym: [See Reply, v. i., and cf. Replica.]  Defn: That which is said, written, or done in answer to what is said, written, or done by another; an answer; a response.  Syn.  -- Answer; rejoinder; response.  -- Reply, Rejoinder, Answer. A reply is a distinct response to a formal question or attack in speech or writing. A rejoinder is a second reply (a reply to a reply) in a protracted discussion or controversy. The word answer is used in two senses, namely (1), in the most general sense of a mere response; as, the answer to a question; or (2), in the sense of a decisive and satisfactory confutation of an adversary's argument, as when we speak of a triumphant answer to the speech or accusations of an opponent. Here the noun corresponds to a frequent use of the verb, as when we say. "This will answer (i.e., fully meet) the end in view;" "It answers the purpose." 
ground   Ground, n. Etym: [OE. ground, grund, AS. grund; akin to D. grond, OS., G., Sw., & Dan. grund, Icel. grunnr bottom, Goth. grundus (in composition); perh. orig. meaning, dust, gravel, and if so perh. akin to E. grind.]  1. The surface of the earth; the outer crust of the globe, or some indefinite portion of it. There was not a man to till the ground. Gen. ii. 5. The fire ran along upon the ground. Ex. ix. 23. Hence:  Defn: A floor or pavement supposed to rest upon the earth.  2. Any definite portion of the earth's surface; region; territory; country. Hence: A territory appropriated to, or resorted to, for a particular purpose; the field or place of action; as, a hunting or fishing ground; a play ground. From . . . old Euphrates, to the brook that parts Egypt from Syrian ground. Milton.  3. Land; estate; possession; field; esp. (pl.), the gardens, lawns, fields, etc., belonging to a homestead; as, the grounds of the estate are well kept. Thy next design is on thy neighbor's grounds. Dryden. 4.  4. The basis on which anything rests; foundation. Hence: The foundation of knowledge, belief, or conviction; a premise, reason, or datum; ultimate or first principle; cause of existence or occurrence; originating force or agency; as, the ground of my hope.  5. (Paint. & Decorative Art) (a) That surface upon which the figures of a composition are set, and which relieves them by its plainness, being either of one tint or of tints but slightly contrasted with one another; as, crimson Bowers on a white ground. See Background, Foreground, and Middle-ground. (b) In sculpture, a flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief. (c) In point lace, the net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied; as, Brussels ground. See Brussels lace, under Brussels.  6. (Etching)  Defn: A gummy composition spread over the surface of a metal to be etched, to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle.  7. (Arch.)  Defn: One of the pieces of wood, flush with the plastering, to which moldings, etc., are attached; -- usually in the plural.  Note: Grounds are usually put up first and the plastering floated flush with them.  8. (Mus.) (a) A composition in which the bass, consisting of a few bars of independent notes, is continually repeated to a varying melody. (b) The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song. Moore (Encyc.). On that ground I'll build a holy descant. Shak.  9. (Elec.)  Defn: A conducting connection with the earth, whereby the earth is made part of an electrical circuit.  10. pl.  Defn: Sediment at the bottom of liquors or liquids; dregs; lees; feces; as, coffee grounds.  11. The pit of a theater. [Obs.] B. Jonson. Ground angling, angling with a weighted line without a float.  -- Ground annual (Scots Law), an estate created in land by a vassal who instead of selling his land outright reserves an annual ground rent, which becomes a perpetual charge upon the land.  -- Ground ash. (Bot.) See Groutweed.  -- Ground bailiff (Mining), a superintendent of mines. Simmonds.  -- Ground bait, bits of bread, boiled barley or worms, etc., thrown into the water to collect the fish, Wallon.  -- Ground bass or base (Mus.), fundamental base; a fundamental base continually repeated to a varied melody.  -- Ground beetle (Zoöl.), one of numerous species of carnivorous beetles of the family Carabidæ, living mostly in burrows or under stones, etc.  -- Ground chamber, a room on the ground floor.  -- Ground cherry. (Bot.) (a) A genus (Physalis) of herbaceous plants having an inflated calyx for a seed pod: esp., the strawberry tomato (P. Alkekengi). See Alkekengl. (b) A European shrub (Prunus Chamæcerasus), with small, very acid fruit.  -- Ground cuckoo. (Zoöl.) See Chaparral cock.  -- Ground cypress. (Bot.) See Lavender cotton.  -- Ground dove (Zoöl.), one of several small American pigeons of the genus Columbigallina, esp. C. passerina of the Southern United States, Mexico, etc. They live chiefly on the ground.  -- Ground fish (Zoöl.), any fish which constantly lives on the botton of the sea, as the sole, turbot, halibut.  -- Ground floor, the floor of a house most nearly on a level with the ground; -- called also in America, but not in England, the first floor.  -- Ground form (Gram.), the stem or basis of a word, to which the other parts are added in declension or conjugation. It is sometimes, but not always, the same as the root.  -- Ground furze (Bot.), a low slightly thorny, leguminous shrub (Ononis arvensis) of Europe and Central Asia,; -- called also rest- harrow.  -- Ground game, hares, rabbits, etc., as distinguished from winged game.  -- Ground hele (Bot.), a perennial herb (Veronica officinalis) with small blue flowers, common in Europe and America, formerly thought to have curative properties.  -- Ground of the heavens (Astron.), the surface of any part of the celestial sphere upon which the stars may be regarded as projected.  -- Ground hemlock (Bot.), the yew (Taxus baccata var. Canadensisi) of eastern North America, distinguished from that of Europe by its low, straggling stems.  -- Ground hog. (Zoöl.) (a) The woodchuck or American marmot (Arctomys monax). See Woodchuck. (b) The aardvark.  -- Ground hold (Naut.), ground tackle. [Obs.] Spenser.  -- Ground ice, ice formed at the bottom of a body of water before it forms on the surface.  -- Ground ivy. (Bot.) A trailing plant; alehoof. See Gill.  -- Ground joist, a joist for a basement or ground floor; a. sleeper.  -- Ground lark (Zoöl.), the European pipit. See Pipit.  -- Ground laurel (Bot.). See Trailing arbutus, under Arbutus.  -- Ground line (Descriptive Geom.), the line of intersection of the horizontal and vertical planes of projection.  -- Ground liverwort (Bot.), a flowerless plant with a broad flat forking thallus and the fruit raised on peduncled and radiated receptacles (Marchantia polymorpha).  -- Ground mail, in Scotland, the fee paid for interment in a churchyard.  -- Ground mass (Geol.), the fine-grained or glassy base of a rock, in which distinct crystals of its constituents are embedded.  -- Ground parrakeet (Zoöl.), one of several Australian parrakeets, of the genera Callipsittacus and Geopsittacus, which live mainly upon the ground.  -- Ground pearl (Zoöl.), an insect of the family Coccidæ (Margarodes formicarum), found in ants' nests in the Bahamas, and having a shelly covering. They are strung like beads, and made into necklaces by the natives.  -- Ground pig (Zoöl.), a large, burrowing, African rodent (Aulacodus Swinderianus) about two feet long, allied to the porcupines but with harsh, bristly hair, and no spines; -- called also ground rat.  -- Ground pigeon (Zoöl.), one of numerous species of pigeons which live largely upon the ground, as the tooth-billed pigeon (Didunculus strigirostris), of the Samoan Islands, and the crowned pigeon, or goura. See Goura, and Ground dove (above).  -- Ground pine. (Bot.) (a) A blue-flowered herb of the genus Ajuga (A. Chamæpitys), formerly included in the genus Teucrium or germander, and named from its resinous smell. Sir L. Hill. (b) A long, creeping, evergreen plant of the genus Lycopodium (L. clavatum); -- called also club moss. (c) A tree-shaped evergreen plant about eight inches in height, of the same genus (L. dendroideum) found in moist, dark woods in the northern part of the United States. Gray.  -- Ground plan (Arch.), a plan of the ground floor of any building, or of any floor, as distinguished from an elevation or perpendicular section.  -- Ground plane, the horizontal plane of projection in perspective drawing.  -- Ground plate. (a) (Arch.) One of the chief pieces of framing of a building; a timber laid horizontally on or near the ground to support the uprights; a ground sill or groundsel. (b) (Railroads) A bed plate for sleepers or ties; a mudsill. (c) (Teleg.) A metallic plate buried in the earth to conduct the electric current thereto. Connection to the pipes of a gas or water main is usual in cities. Knight.  -- Ground plot, the ground upon which any structure is erected; hence, any basis or foundation; also, a ground plan.  -- Ground plum (Bot.), a leguminous plant (Astragalus caryocarpus) occurring from the Saskatchewan to Texas, and having a succulent plum-shaped pod.  -- Ground rat. (Zoöl.) See Ground pig (above).  -- Ground rent, rent paid for the privilege of building on another man's land.  -- Ground robin. (Zoöl.) See Chewink.  -- Ground room, a room on the ground floor; a lower room. Tatler.  -- Ground sea, the West Indian name for a swell of the ocean, which occurs in calm weather and without obvious cause, breaking on the shore in heavy roaring billows; -- called also rollers, and in Jamaica, the North sea.  -- Ground sill. See Ground plate (a) (above).  -- Ground snake (Zoöl.), a small burrowing American snake (Celuta amoena). It is salmon colored, and has a blunt tail.  -- Ground squirrel. (Zoöl.) (a) One of numerous species of burrowing rodents of the genera Tamias and Spermophilus, having cheek pouches. The former genus includes the Eastern striped squirrel or chipmunk and some allied Western species; the latter includes the prairie squirrel or striped gopher, the gray gopher, and many allied Western species. See Chipmunk, and Gopher. (b) Any species of the African genus Xerus, allied to Tamias.  -- Ground story. Same as Ground floor (above).  -- Ground substance (Anat.), the intercellular substance, or matrix, of tissues.  -- Ground swell. (a) (Bot.) The plant groundsel. [Obs.] Holland. (b) A broad, deep swell or undulation of the ocean, caused by a long continued gale, and felt even at a remote distance after the gale has ceased.  -- Ground table. (Arch.) See Earth table, under Earth.  -- Ground tackle (Naut.), the tackle necessary to secure a vessel at anchor. Totten.  -- Ground thrush (Zoöl.), one of numerous species of bright-colored Oriental birds of the family Pittidæ. See Pitta.  -- Ground tier. (a) The lowest tier of water casks in a vessel's hold. Totten. (b) The lowest line of articles of any kind stowed in a vessel's hold. (c) The lowest range of boxes in a theater.  -- Ground timbers (Shipbuilding) the timbers which lie on the keel and are bolted to the keelson; floor timbers. Knight.  -- Ground tit. (Zoöl.) See Ground wren (below).  -- Ground wheel, that wheel of a harvester, mowing machine, etc., which, rolling on the ground, drives the mechanism.  -- Ground wren (Zoöl.), a small California bird (Chamæa fasciata) allied to the wrens and titmice. It inhibits the arid plains. Called also gronnd tit, and wren lit.  -- To bite the ground, To break ground. See under Bite, Break.  -- To come to the ground, To fall to the ground, to come to nothing; to fail; to miscarry.  -- To gain ground. (a) To advance; to proceed forward in confict; as, an army in battle gains ground. (b) To obtain an advantage; to have some success; as, the army gains ground on the enemy. (c) To gain credit; to become more prosperous or influential.  -- To get, or To gather, ground, to gain ground. [R.] "Evening mist . . . gathers ground fast." Milton. There is no way for duty to prevail, and get ground of them, but by bidding higher. South. -- To give ground, to recede; to yield advantage. These nine . . . began to give me ground. Shak. --To lose ground, to retire; to retreat; to withdraw from the position taken; hence, to lose advantage; to lose credit or reputation; to decline.  -- To stand one's ground, to stand firm; to resist attack or encroachment. Atterbury.  -- To take the ground to touch bottom or become stranded; -- said of a ship.  GROUND Ground, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Grounded; p. pr. & vb. n. Grounding.]  1. To lay, set, or run, on the ground.  2. To found; to fix or set, as on a foundation, reason, or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly. Being rooted and grounded in love. Eph. iii. 17. So far from warranting any inference to the existence of a God, would, on the contrary, ground even an argument to his negation. Sir W. Hamilton  3. To instruct in elements or first principles.  4. (Elec.)  Defn: To connect with the ground so as to make the earth a part of an electrical circuit.  5. (Fine Arts)  Defn: To cover with a ground, as a copper plate for etching (see Ground, n., 5); or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.  GROUND Ground, v. i.  Defn: To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed; as, the ship grounded on the bar.  GROUND Ground,  Defn: imp. & p. p. of Grind. Ground cock, a cock, the plug of which is ground into its seat, as distinguished from a compression cock. Knight.  -- Ground glass, glass the transparency of which has been destroyed by having its surface roughened by grinding.  -- Ground joint, a close joint made by grinding together two pieces, as of metal with emery and oil, or of glass with fine sand and water. 
square   Square, n. Etym: [OF. esquarre, esquierre, F. équerre a carpenter's square (cf. It. squadra), fr. (assumed) LL. exquadrare to make square; L. ex + quadrus a square, fr. quattuor four. See Four, and cf. Quadrant, Squad, Squer a square.]  1. (Geom.) (a) The corner, or angle, of a figure. [Obs.] (b) A parallelogram having four equal sides and four right angles.  2. Hence, anything which is square, or nearly so; as: (a) A square piece or fragment. He bolted his food down his capacious throat in squares of three inches. Sir W. Scott.  (b) A pane of glass. (c) (Print.) A certain number of lines, forming a portion of a column, nearly square; -- used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers. (d) (Carp.) One hundred superficial feet.  3. An area of four sides, generally with houses on each side; sometimes, a solid block of houses; also, an open place or area for public use, as at the meeting or intersection of two or more streets. The statue of Alexander VII. stands in the large square of the town. Addison.  4. (Mech. & Joinery)  Defn: An instrument having at least one right angle and two or more straight edges, used to lay out or test square work. It is of several forms, as the T square, the carpenter's square, the try-square., etc.  5. Hence, a pattern or rule. [Obs.]  6. (Arith. & Alg.)  Defn: The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; thus, 64 is the square of 8, for 8 × 8 = 64; the square of a + b is a2 + 2ab + b2.  7. Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule. [Obs.] They of Galatia [were] much more out of square. Hooker. I have not kept my square. Shak.  8. (Mil.)  Defn: A body of troops formed in a square, esp. one formed to resist a charge of cavalry; a squadron. "The brave squares of war." Shak.  9. Fig.: The relation of harmony, or exact agreement; equality; level. We live not on the square with such as these. Dryden.  10. (Astrol.)  Defn: The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate. [Obs.]  11. The act of squaring, or quarreling; a quarrel. [R.]  12. The front of a woman's dress over the bosom, usually worked or embroidered. [Obs.] Shak. Geometrical square. See Quadrat, n., 2.  -- Hollow square (Mil.), a formation of troops in the shape of a square, each side consisting of four or five ranks, and the colors, officers, horses, etc., occupying the middle.  -- Least square, Magic square, etc. See under Least, Magic, etc.  -- On the square, or Upon the square, in an open, fair manner; honestly, or upon honor. [Obs. or Colloq.] -- On, or Upon, the square with, upon equality with; even with. Nares.  -- To be all squares, to be all settled. [Colloq.] Dickens.  -- To be at square, to be in a state of quarreling. [Obs.] Nares.  -- To break no square, to give no offense; to make no difference. [Obs.] -- To break squares, to depart from an accustomed order. To see how the squares go, to see how the game proceeds; -- a phrase taken from the game of chess, the chessboard being formed with squares. [Obs.] L'Estrange.  SQUARE Square, a.  1. (Geom.)  Defn: Having four equal sides and four right angles; as, a square figure.  2. Forming a right angle; as, a square corner.  3. Having a shape broad for the height, with rectilineal and angular rather than curving outlines; as, a man of a square frame.  4. Exactly suitable or correspondent; true; just. She's a most truimphant lady, if report be square to her. Shak.  5. Rendering equal justice; exact; fair; honest, as square dealing.  6. Even; leaving no balance; as, to make or leave the accounts square.  7. Leaving nothing; hearty; vigorous. By Heaven, square eaters. More meat, I say. Beau. & Fl.  8. (Naut.)  Defn: At right angles with the mast or the keel, and parallel to the horizon; -- said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced.  Note: Square is often used in self-explaining compounds or combination, as in square-built, square-cornered, square-cut, square- nosed, etc. Square foot, an area equal to that of a square the sides of which are twelwe inches; 144 square inches.  -- Square knot, a knot in which the terminal and standing parts are parallel to each other; a reef knot. See Illust. under Knot.  -- Square measure, the measure of a superficies or surface which depends on the length and breadth taken conjointly. The units of square measure are squares whose sides are the linear measures; as, square inches, square feet, square meters, etc.  -- Square number. See square, n., 6.  -- Square root of a number or quantity (Math.), that number or quantity which, multiplied by itself produces the given number or quantity.  -- Square sail (Naut.), a four-sided sail extended upon a yard suspended by the middle; sometimes, the foresail of a schooner set upon a yard; also, a cutter's or sloop's sail boomed out. See Illust of Sail.  -- Square stern (Naut.), a stern having a transom and joining the counter timbers at an angle, as distinguished from a round stern, which has no transom.  -- Three-square, Five-square, etc., having three, five, etc., equal sides; as, a three-square file.  -- To get square with, to get even with; to pay off. [Colloq.]  SQUARE Square, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Squared; p. pr. & vb. n. Squaring.] Etym: [Cf. OF. escarrer, esquarrer. See Square, n.]  1. To form with four sides and four right angles. Spenser.  2. To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces; as, to square mason's work.  3. To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard. Shak.  4. To adjust; to regulate; to mold; to shape; to fit; as, to square our actions by the opinions of others. Square my trial To my proportioned strength. Milton.  5. To make even, so as leave no remainder of difference; to balance; as, to square accounts.  6. (Math.)  Defn: To multiply by itself; as, to square a number or a quantity.  7. (Astrol.)  Defn: To hold a quartile position respecting. The icy Goat and Crab that square the Scales. Creech.  8. (Naut.)  Defn: To place at right angles with the keel; as, to square the yards. To square one's shoulders, to raise the shoulders so as to give them a square appearance, -- a movement expressing contempt or dislike. Sir W. Scott.  -- To square the circle (Math.), to determine the exact contents of a circle in square measure. The solution of this famous problem is now generally admitted to be impossible.  SQUARE Square, v. i.  1. To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to conform or agree; to suit; to fit. No works shall find acceptamce . . . That square not truly with the Scripture plan. Cowper.  2. To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel. [Obs.] Are you such fools To square for this Shak.  3. To take a boxing attitude; -- often with up, sometimes with off. [Colloq.] Dickens. 
thoughtless   Thought"less, adv.  1. Lacking thought; careless; inconsiderate; rash; as, a thoughtless person, or act.  2. Giddy; gay; dissipated. [R.] Johnson.  3. Deficient in reasoning power; stupid; dull. Thoughtless as monarch oaks that shade the plain. Dryden. -- Thought"less*ly, adv.  -- Thought"less*ness, n.  THOUGHT TRANSFERENCE Thought transference.  Defn: Telepathy. 
cannon   Can"non, n.; pl.Cannons, collectively Cannon. Etym: [F. cannon, fr. L. canna reed, pipe, tube. See Cane.]  1. A great gun; a piece of ordnance or artillery; a firearm for discharging heavy shot with great force.  Note: Cannons are made of various materials, as iron, brass, bronze, and steel, and of various sizes and shapes with respect to the special service for which they are intended, as intended, as siege, seacoast, naval, field, or mountain, guns. They always aproach more or less nearly to a cylindrical from, being usually thicker toward the breech than at the muzzle. Formerly they were cast hollow, afterwards they were cast, solid, and bored out. The cannon now most in use for the armament of war vessels and for seacoast defense consists of a forged steel tube reinforced with massive steel rings shrunk upon it. Howitzers and mortars are sometimes called cannon. See Gun.  2. (Mech.)  Defn: A hollow cylindrical piece carried by a revolving shaft, on which it may, however, revolve independently.  3. (Printing.)  Defn: A kind of type. See Canon. Cannon ball, strictly, a round solid missile of stone or iron made to be fired from a cannon, but now often applied to a missile of any shape, whether solid or hollow, made for cannon. Elongated and cylindrical missiles are sometimes called bolts; hollow ones charged with explosives are properly called shells.  -- Cannon bullet, a cannon ball. [Obs.] -- Cannon cracker, a fire cracker of large size.  -- Cannon lock, a device for firing a cannon by a percussion primer.  -- Cannon metal. See Gun Metal.  -- Cannon pinion, the pinion on the minute hand arbor of a watch or clock, which drives the hand but permits it to be moved in setting.  -- Cannon proof, impenetrable by cannon balls.  -- Cannon shot. (a) A cannon ball. (b) The range of a cannon.  CANNON Can"non, n. & v. (Billiards)  Defn: See Carom. [Eng.] 
disgusted  
clam   Clam, n. Etym: [Cf. Clamp, Clam, v. t., Clammy.]  1. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A bivalve mollusk of many kinds, especially those that are edible; as, the long clam (Mya arenaria), the quahog or round clam (Venus mercenaria), the sea clam or hen clam (Spisula solidissima), and other species of the United States. The name is said to have been given originally to the Tridacna gigas, a huge East Indian bivalve. You shall scarce find any bay or shallow shore, or cove of sand, where you may not take many clampes, or lobsters, or both, at your pleasure. Capt. John Smith (1616). Clams, or clamps, is a shellfish not much unlike a coclke; it lieth under the sand. Wood (1634).  2. (Ship Carp.)  Defn: Strong pinchers or forceps.  3. pl. (Mech.)  Defn: A kind of vise, usually of wood. Blood clam. See under Blood.  CLAM Clam (clam), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Clammed; p. pr. & vb. n. Clamming.] Etym: [Cf. AS. clæman to clam, smear; akin to Icel. kleima to smear, OHG. kleimjan, chleimen, to defile, or E. clammy.]  Defn: To clog, as with glutinous or viscous matter. A swarm of wasps got into a honey pot, and there they cloyed and clammed Themselves till there was no getting out again. L'Estrange.  CLAM Clam, v. i.  Defn: To be moist or glutinous; to stick; to adhere. [R.] Dryden  CLAM Clam, n.  Defn: Claminess; moisture. [R.] "The clam of death." Carlyle.  CLAM Clam, n. Etym: [Abbrev. fr. clamor.]  Defn: A crash or clangor made by ringing all the bells of a chime at once. Nares.  CLAM Clam, v. t. & i.  Defn: To produce, in bell ringing, a clam or clangor; to cause to clang. Nares. 
innocent   In"no*cent, a. Etym: [F.innocent, L. innocens, -entis; pref. in- not + nocens, p.pr. of nocere to harm, hurt. See Noxious.]  1. Not harmful; free from that which can injure; innoxious; innocuous; harmless; as, an innocent medicine or remedy. The spear Sung innocent,and spent its force in air. Pope.  2. Morally free from guilt; guiltless; not tainted with sin; pure; upright. To offer up a weak, poor, innocent lamb. Shak. I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. Matt. xxvii. 4. The aidless,innocent lady, his wished prey. Milton.  3. Free from the guilt of a particular crime or offense; as, a man is innocent of the crime charged. Innocent from the great transgression. Ps. xix. 13.  4. Simple; artless; foolish. Shak.  5. Lawful; permitted; as, an innocent trade.  6. Not contraband; not subject to forfeiture; as, innocent goods carried to a belligerent nation. Innocent party (Law),a party who has not notice of a fact tainting a litigated transaction with illegality.  Syn.  -- Harmless; innoxious; innoffensive; guiltless; spotless; immaculate; pure; unblamable; blameless; faultless; guileless; upright.  INNOCENT In"no*cent, n.  1. An innocent person; one free from, or unacquainted with, guilt or sin. Shak.  2. An unsophisticated person; hence, a child; a simpleton; an idiot. B. Jonson. In Scotland a natural fool was called an innocent. Sir W. Scott. Innocents' day (Eccl.), Childermas day. 
eggs  Word is not found.
unfasten   Un*fas"ten, v. t. Etym: [1st pref. un- + fasten.]  Defn: To loose; to unfix; to unbind; to untie. 
magical  
lumpy   Lump"y, a. [Compar. Lumpier; superl. Lumpiest.]  Defn: Full of lumps, or small compact masses.  LUMPY-JAW Lump"y-jaw`. (Med.)  Defn: Actinomycosis. [Colloq.] 
detailed  
march   March, n. Etym: [L. Martius mensis Mars'month fr. Martius belonging to Mars, the god of war: cf. F. mars. Cf. Martial.]  Defn: The third month of the year, containing thirty-one days. The stormy March is come at last, With wind, and cloud, and changing skies. Bryant. As mad as a March Hare, an old English Saying derived from the fact that March is the rutting time of hares, when they are excitable and violent. Wright.  MARCH March, n. Etym: [OE. marche, F. marche; of German origin; cf. OHG. marcha, G. mark, akin to OS. marka, AS. mearc, Goth. marka, L. margo edge, border, margin, and possibly to E. mark a sign. Margin, Margrave, Marque, Marquis.]  Defn: A territorial border or frontier; a region adjacent to a boundary line; a confine; -- used chiefly in the plural, and in English history applied especially to the border land on the frontiers between England and Scotland, and England and Wales. Geneva is situated in the marches of several dominions -- France, Savoy, and Switzerland. Fuller. Lords of waste marches, kings of desolate isles. Tennyson.  MARCH March, v. i. Etym: [Cf. OF. marchir. See 2d March.]  Defn: To border; to be contiguous; to lie side by side. [Obs.] That was in a strange land Which marcheth upon Chimerie. Gower. To march with, to have the same boundary for a greater or less distance; -- said of an estate.  MARCH March, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Marched; p. pr. & vb. n. Marching.] Etym: [F. marcher, in OF. also, to tread, prob. fr. L. marcus hammer. Cf. Mortar.]  1. To move with regular steps, as a soldier; to walk in a grave, deliberate, or stately manner; to advance steadily. Shak.  2. To proceed by walking in a body or in military order; as, the German army marched into France.  MARCH March, v. t.  Defn: TO cause to move with regular steps in the manner of a soldier; to cause to move in military array, or in a body, as troops; to cause to advance in a steady, regular, or stately manner; to cause to go by peremptory command, or by force. March them again in fair array. Prior.  MARCH March, n. Etym: [F. marche.]  1. The act of marching; a movement of soldiers from one stopping place to another; military progress; advance of troops. These troops came to the army harassed with a long and wearisome march. Bacon.  2. Hence: Measured and regular advance or movement, like that of soldiers moving in order; stately or deliberate walk; steady onward movement. With solemn march Goes slow and stately by them. Shak. This happens merely because men will not bide their time, but will insist on precipitating the march of affairs. Buckle.  3. The distance passed over in marching; as, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles.  4. A piece of music designed or fitted to accompany and guide the movement of troops; a piece of music in the march form. The drums presently striking up a march. Knolles. To make a march, (Card Playing), to take all the tricks of a hand, in the game of euchre. 
found   Found,  Defn: imp. & p. p. of Find.  FOUND Found, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Founded; p. pr. & vb. n. Founding.] Etym: [F. fondre, L. fundere to found, pour.]  Defn: To form by melting a metal, and pouring it into a mold; to cast. "Whereof to found their engines." Milton.  FOUND Found, n.  Defn: A thin, single-cut file for combmakers.  FOUND Found, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Founded; p. pr. & vb. n. Founding.] Etym: [F. fonder, L. fundare, fr. fundus bottom. See 1st Bottom, and cf. Founder, v. i., Fund.]  1. To lay the basis of; to set, or place, as on something solid, for support; to ground; to establish upon a basis, literal or figurative; to fix firmly. I had else been perfect, Whole as the marble, founded as the rock. Shak. A man that all his time Hath founded his good fortunes on your love. Shak. It fell not, for it was founded on a rock. Matt. vii. 25.  2. To take the ffirst steps or measures in erecting or building up; to furnish the materials for beginning; to begin to raise; to originate; as, to found a college; to found a family. There they shall found Their government, and their great senate choose. Milton.  Syn.  -- To base; ground; institute; establish; fix. See Predicate. 
quince   Quince, n. Etym: [Prob. a pl. from OE. quyne, coin, OF. coin, cooin, F. coing, from L. Cydonius a quince tree, as adj., Cydonian, Gr. Quiddany.]  1. The fruit of a shrub (Cydonia vulgaris) belonging to the same tribe as the apple. It somewhat resembles an apple, but differs in having many seeds in each carpel. It has hard flesh of high flavor, but very acid, and is largely used for marmalade, jelly, and preserves.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: a quince tree or shrub. Japan quince (Bot.), an Eastern Asiatic shrub (Cydonia, formerly Pyrus, Japonica) and its very fragrant but inedible fruit. The shrub has very showy flowers, usually red, but sometimes pink or white, and is much grown for ornament.  -- Quince curculio (Zoöl.), a small gray and yellow curculio (Conotrachelus cratægi) whose larva lives in quinces.  -- Quince tree (Bot.), the small tree (Cydonia vulgaris) which produces the quince. 
lake   Lake, n. Etym: [F. laque, fr. Per. See Lac.]  Defn: A pigment formed by combining some coloring matter, usually by precipitation, with a metallic oxide or earth, esp. with aluminium hydrate; as, madder lake; Florentine lake; yellow lake, etc.  LAKE Lake, n. Etym: [Cf. G. laken.]  Defn: A kind of fine white linen, formerly in use. [Obs.] Chaucer.  LAKE Lake, v. i. Etym: [AS. lacan, læcan, to spring, jump, lac play, sport, or fr. Icel. leika to play, sport; both akin to Goth. laikan to dance. sq. root120. Cf. Knowledge.]  Defn: To play; to sport. [Prov. Eng.]  LAKE Lake, n. Etym: [AS. lac, L. lacus; akin to AS. lagu lake, sea, Icel. lögr; OIr. loch; cf. Gr. Loch, Lough.]  Defn: A large body of water contained in a depression of the earth's surface, and supplied from the drainage of a more or less extended area.  Note: Lakes are for the most part of fresh water; the salt lakes, like the Great Salt Lake of Utah, have usually no outlet to the ocean. Lake dwellers (Ethnol.), people of a prehistoric race, or races, which inhabited different parts of Europe. Their dwellings were built on piles in lakes, a short distance from the shore. Their relics are common in the lakes of Switzerland.  -- Lake dwellings (Archæol.), dwellings built over a lake, sometimes on piles, and sometimes on rude foundations kept in place by piles; specifically, such dwellings of prehistoric times. Lake dwellings are still used by many savage tribes. Called also lacustrine dwellings. See Crannog.  -- Lake fly (Zoöl.), any one of numerous species of dipterous flies of the genus Chironomus. In form they resemble mosquitoes, but they do not bite. The larvæ live in lakes.  -- Lake herring (Zoöl.), the cisco (Coregonus Artedii).  -- Lake poets, Lake school, a collective name originally applied in contempt, but now in honor, to Southey, Coleridge, and Wordsworth, who lived in the lake country of Cumberland, England, Lamb and a few others were classed with these by hostile critics. Called also lakers and lakists.  -- Lake sturgeon (Zoöl.), a sturgeon (Acipenser rubicundus), of moderate size, found in the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River. It is used as food.  -- Lake trout (Zoöl.), any one of several species of trout and salmon; in Europe, esp. Salmo fario; in the United States, esp. Salvelinus namaycush of the Great Lakes, and of various lakes in New York, Eastern Maine, and Canada. A large variety of brook trout (S. fontinalis), inhabiting many lakes in New England, is also called lake trout. See Namaycush.  -- Lake whitefish. (Zoöl.) See Whitefish.  -- Lake whiting (Zoöl.), an American whitefish (Coregonus Labradoricus), found in many lakes in the Northern United States and Canada. It is more slender than the common whitefish.  LAKE-DWELLER Lake"-dwell`er, n.  Defn: See Lake dwellers, under Lake. 
bells  Word is not found.
perpetual   Per*pet"u*al, a. Etym: [OE. perpetuel, F. perpétuel, fr. L. perpetualis, fr. perpetuus continuing throughout, continuous, fr. perpes, -etis, lasting throughout.]  Defn: Neverceasing; continuing forever or for an unlimited time; unfailing; everlasting; continuous. Unto the kingdom of perpetual night. Shak. Perpetual feast of nectared sweets. Milton. Circle of perpetual apparition, or occultation. See under Circle.  -- Perpetual calendar, a calendar so devised that it may be adjusted for any month or year.  -- Perpetual curacy (Ch. of Eng.), a curacy in which all the tithes are appropriated, and no vicarage is endowed. Blackstone.  -- Perpetual motion. See under Motion.  -- Perpetual screw. See Endless screw, under Screw.  Syn.  -- Continual; unceasing; endless; everlasting; incessant; constant; eternal. See Constant.  PERPETUAL CALENDAR Per*pet"u*al cal"en*dar.  Defn: A calendar that can be used perpetually or over a wide range of years. That of Capt. Herschel covers, as given below, dates from 1750 to 1961 only, but is capable of indefinite extension.  PERPETUAL CALENDAR Day of the monthJan. Oct.Apr. July Jan.Sept. Dec.JuneFeb. Mar. Nov.Aug. Feb.MayDay of the Week 1815 2229 2916 2330 31017 2431 41118 25 51219 26 61320 27 @71421 28 To find the day of the week corresponding to any date, find the small letter directly under the month and opposite the day of the month; the same small letter also appears in the vertical column that contains the number of the year, and if the line in which it stands is followed out to the right, the day of the week is found. Thus, the small letter under March and opposite 18 is b; b appears again directly over 1904, and at its right is the word Friday. March 18 fell on Friday in 1904, and also in 1898, 1892, etc.  The calendar has other uses, as for finding the months which begin on Sunday in  a particular year, etc. |1753  |1754   |1755   |1750   |1751   |1757   |*1752 |1759  |1765 |*1760  |1761   |*1756  |1763 |1758 
value   Val"ue, n. Etym: [OF. value, fr. valoir, p. p. valu, to be worth, fr. L. valere to be strong, to be worth. See Valiant.]  1. The property or aggregate properties of a thing by which it is rendered useful or desirable, or the degree of such property or sum of properties; worth; excellence; utility; importance.  Ye are all physicians of no value. Job xiii. 4. Ye are of more value than many sparrows. Matt. x. 31. Cæsar is well acquainted with your virtue, And therefore sets this value on your life. Addison. Before events shall have decided on the value of the measures. Marshall.  2. (Trade & Polit. Econ.)  Defn: Worth estimated by any standard of purchasing power, especially by the market price, or the amount of money agreed upon as an equivalent to the utility and cost of anything. An article may be possessed of the highest degree of utility, or power to minister to our wants and enjoyments, and may be universally made use of, without possessing exchangeable value. M'Culloch. Value is the power to command commodities generally. A. L. Chapin (Johnson's Cys.). Value is the generic term which expresses power in exchange. F. A. Walker. His design was not to pay him the value of his pictures, because they were above any price. Dryden.  Note: In political economy, value is often distinguished as intrinsic and exchangeable. Intrinsic value is the same as utility or adaptation to satisfy the desires or wants of men. Exchangeable value is that in an article or product which disposes individuals to give for it some quantity of labor, or some other article or product obtainable by labor; as, pure air has an intrinsic value, but generally not an exchangeable value.  3. Precise signification; import; as, the value of a word; the value of a legal instrument Mitford.  4. Esteem; regard. Dryden. My relation to the person was so near, and my value for him so great Bp. Burnet.  5. (Mus.)  Defn: The relative length or duration of a tone or note, answering to quantity in prosody; thus, a quarter note [value of two eighth notes [  6. In an artistical composition, the character of any one part in its relation to other parts and to the whole; -- often used in the plural; as, the values are well given, or well maintained.  7. Valor. [Written also valew.] [Obs.] Spenser. Value received, a phrase usually employed in a bill of exchange or a promissory note, to denote that a consideration has been given for it. Bouvier.  VALUE Val"ue, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Valued; p. pr. & vb. n. Valuing.]  1. To estimate the value, or worth, of; to rate at a certain price; to appraise; to reckon with respect to number, power, importance, etc. The mind doth value every moment. Bacon. The queen is valued thirty thousand strong. Shak. The king must take it ill, That he's so slightly valued in his messenger. Shak. Neither of them valued their promises according to rules of honor or integrity. Clarendon.  2. To rate highly; to have in high esteem; to hold in respect and estimation; to appreciate; to prize; as, to value one for his works or his virtues. Which of the dukes he values most. Shak.  3. To raise to estimation; to cause to have value, either real or apparent; to enhance in value. [Obs.] Some value themselves to their country by jealousies of the crown. Sir W. Temple.  4. To be worth; to be equal to in value. [Obs.] The peace between the French and us not values The cost that did conclude it. Shak.  Syn.  -- To compute; rate; appraise; esteem; respect; regard; estimate; prize; appreciate. 
trouble   Trou"ble, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Troubled; p. pr. & vb. n. Troubling.] Etym: [F. troubler, OF. trobler, trubler, tourbler,fr. (assumed) LL. turbulare, L. turbare to disorderly group, a little crowd; both from turba a disorder, tumult, crowd; akin to Gr. thorp; cf. Skr. tvar, tur,o hasten. Cf. Turbid.]  1. To put into confused motion; to disturb; to agitate. An angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water. John v. 4. God looking forth will trouble all his host. Milton.  2. To disturb; to perplex; to afflict; to distress; to grieve; to fret; to annoy; to vex. Now is my soul troubled. John xii. 27. Take the boy to you; he so troubles me 'T is past enduring. Shak. Never trouble yourself about those faults which age will cure. Locke.  3. To give occasion for labor to; -- used in polite phraseology; as, I will not trouble you to deliver the letter.  Syn.  -- To disturb; perplex; afflict; distress; grieve; harass; annoy; tease; vex; molest.  TROUBLE Trou"ble, a.  Defn: Troubled; dark; gloomy. [Obs.] "With full trouble cheer." Chaucer.  TROUBLE Trou"ble, n. Etym: [F. trouble, OF. troble, truble. See Trouble, v. t.]  1. The state of being troubled; disturbance; agitation; uneasiness; vexation; calamity. Lest the fiend . . . some new trouble raise. Milton. Foul whisperings are abroad; unnatural deeds Do breed unnatural troubles. Shak.  2. That which gives disturbance, annoyance, or vexation; that which afflicts.  3. (Mining)  Defn: A fault or interruption in a stratum. To get into trouble, to get into difficulty or danger. [Colloq.] -- To take the trouble, to be at the pains; to exert one's self; to give one's self inconvenience. She never took the trouble to close them. Bryant.  Syn.  -- Affliction; disturbance; perplexity; annoyance; molestation; vexation; inconvenience; calamity; misfortune; adversity; embarrassment; anxiety; sorrow; misery. 
gratis   Gra"tis, adv. Etym: [L., contr. fr. gratiis out of favor or kindness, without recompense, for nothing, fr. gratia favor. See Grace.]  Defn: For nothing; without fee or recompense; freely; gratuitously. 
wealth   Wealth, n. Etym: [OE. welthe, from wele; cf. D. weelde luxury. See Weal prosperity.]  1. Weal; welfare; prosperity; good. [Obs.] "Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth." 1 Cor. x. 24.  2. Large possessions; a comparative abundance of things which are objects of human desire; esp., abundance of worldly estate; affluence; opulence; riches. I have little wealth to lose. Shak. Each day new wealth, without their care, provides. Dryden. Wealth comprises all articles of value and nothing else. F. A. Walker. Active wealth. See under Active.  Syn.  -- Riches; affluence; opulence; abundance. 
death   Death, n. Etym: [OE. deth, dea, AS. deá; akin to OS. d, D. dood, G. tod, Icel. dau, Sw. & Dan. död, Goth. daupus; from a verb meaning to die. See Die, v. i., and cf. Dead.]  1. The cessation of all vital phenomena without capability of resuscitation, either in animals or plants.  Note: Local death is going on at times and in all parts of the living body, in which individual cells and elements are being cast off and replaced by new; a process essential to life. General death is of two kinds; death of the body as a whole (somatic or systemic death), and death of the tissues. By the former is implied the absolute cessation of the functions of the brain, the circulatory and the respiratory organs; by the latter the entire disappearance of the vital actions of the ultimate structural constituents of the body. When death takes place, the body as a whole dies first, the death of the tissues sometimes not occurring until after a considerable interval. Huxley.  2. Total privation or loss; extinction; cessation; as, the death of memory. The death of a language can not be exactly compared with the death of a plant. J. Peile.  3. Manner of dying; act or state of passing from life. A death that I abhor. Shak. Let me die the death of the righteous. Num. xxiii. 10.  4. Cause of loss of life. Swiftly flies the feathered death. Dryden. He caught his death the last county sessions. Addison.  5. Personified: The destroyer of life, -- conventionally represented as a skeleton with a scythe. Death! great proprietor of all. Young. And I looked, and behold a pale horse; and his name that at on him was Death. Rev. vi. 8.  6. Danger of death. "In deaths oft." 2 Cor. xi. 23.  7. Murder; murderous character. Not to suffer a man of death to live. Bacon.  8. (Theol.)  Defn: Loss of spiritual life. To be death. Rom. viii. 6.  9. Anything so dreadful as to be like death. It was death to them to think of entertaining such doctrines. Atterbury. And urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death. Judg. xvi. 16.  Note: Death is much used adjectively and as the first part of a compound, meaning, in general, of or pertaining to death, causing or presaging death; as, deathbed or death bed; deathblow or death blow, etc. Black death. See Black death, in the Vocabulary.  -- Civil death, the separation of a man from civil society, or the debarring him from the enjoyment of civil rights, as by banishment, attainder, abjuration of the realm, entering a monastery, etc. Blackstone.  -- Death adder. (Zoöl.) (a) A kind of viper found in South Africa (Acanthophis tortor); -- so called from the virulence of its venom. (b) A venomous Australian snake of the family Elapidæ, of several species, as the Hoplocephalus superbus and Acanthopis antarctica.  -- Death bell, a bell that announces a death. The death bell thrice was heard to ring. Mickle. -- Death candle, a light like that of a candle, viewed by the superstitious as presaging death.  -- Death damp, a cold sweat at the coming on of death.  -- Death fire, a kind of ignis fatuus supposed to forebode death. And round about in reel and rout, The death fires danced at night. Coleridge. -- Death grapple, a grapple or struggle for life.  -- Death in life, a condition but little removed from death; a living death. [Poetic] "Lay lingering out a five years' death in life." Tennyson.  -- Death knell, a stroke or tolling of a bell, announcing a death.  -- Death rate, the relation or ratio of the number of deaths to the population. At all ages the death rate is higher in towns than in rural districts. Darwin. -- Death rattle, a rattling or gurgling in the throat of a dying person.  -- Death's door, the boundary of life; the partition dividing life from death.  -- Death stroke, a stroke causing death.  -- Death throe, the spasm of death.  -- Death token, the signal of approaching death.  -- Death warrant. (a) (Law) An order from the proper authority for the execution of a criminal. (b) That which puts an end to expectation, hope, or joy.  -- Death wound. (a) A fatal wound or injury. (b) (Naut.) The springing of a fatal leak.  -- Spiritual death (Scripture), the corruption and perversion of the soul by sin, with the loss of the favor of God.  -- The gates of death, the grave. Have the gates of death been opened unto thee Job xxxviii. 17. -- The second death, condemnation to eternal separation from God. Rev. ii. 11.  -- To be the death of, to be the cause of death to; to make die. "It was one who should be the death of both his parents." Milton.  Syn.  -- Death, Decrase, Departure, Release. Death applies to the termination of every form of existence, both animal and vegetable; the other words only to the human race. Decease is the term used in law for the removal of a human being out of life in the ordinary course of nature. Demise was formerly confined to decease of princes, but is now sometimes used of distinguished men in general; as, the demise of Mr. Pitt. Departure and release are peculiarly terms of Christian affection and hope. A violent death is not usually called a decease. Departure implies a friendly taking leave of life. Release implies a deliverance from a life of suffering or sorrow. 
obtainable   Ob*tain"a*ble, a.  Defn: Capable of being obtained. 
unequaled   Un*e"qualed, a.  Defn: Not equaled; unmatched; unparalleled; unrivaled; exceeding; surpassing; -- in a good or bad sense; as, unequaled excellence; unequaled ingratitude or baseness. [Written also unequalled.] 
drown   Drown, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Drowned; p. pr. & vb. n. Drowning.] Etym: [OE. drunen, drounen, earlier drunknen, druncnien, AS. druncnian to be drowned, sink, become drunk, fr. druncen drunken. See Drunken, Drink.]  Defn: To be suffocated in water or other fluid; to perish in water. Methought, what pain it was to drown. Shak.  DROWN Drown, v. t.  1. To overwhelm in water; to submerge; to inundate. "They drown the land." Dryden.  2. To deprive of life by immersion in water or other liquid.  3. To overpower; to overcome; to extinguish; -- said especially of sound. Most men being in sensual pleasures drowned. Sir J. Davies. My private voice is drowned amid the senate. Addison. To drown up, to swallow up. [Obs.] Holland. 
undesirable  
guard   Guard, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Guarded; p. pr. &, vb. n. Gurding.] Etym: [OF. guarder, garder, warder, F. garder, fr. OHG. wart to be on the watch, await, G. marten. See Ward, v. & n., and cf. Guard, n.]  1. To protect from danger; to secure against surprise, attack, or injury; to keep in safety; to defend; to shelter; to shield from surprise or attack; to protect by attendance; toaccompany for protection; to vare for. For Heaven still guards the right. Shak.  2. To keep watch over, in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence, or the like.  3. To protect the edge of, esp. with an ornamental border; hence, to face or ornament with lists, laces, etc. The body of your discourse it sometime guarded with fragments, and the guards are but slightly basted on neither. Shak.  4. To fasten by binding; to gird. [Obs.] B. Jonson.  Syn.  -- To defend, protect, shield; keep; watch.  GUARD Guard (gärd), v. i.  Defn: To watch by way of caution or defense; to be caution; to be in a state or position of defense or safety; as, careful persons guard against mistakes.  GUARD Guard, n. Etym: [OF. guarde, F. garde; of German origin; cf. OHG. wart, marto, one who watches, mata a watching, Goth. wardja watchman. See Guard, v. t.]  1. One who, or that which, guards from injury, danger, exposure, or attack; defense; protection. His greatness was no guard to bar heaven's shaft. Shak.  2. A man, or body of men, stationed to protect or control a person or position; a watch; a sentinel. The guard which kept the door of the king's house. Kings xiv. 27.  3. One who has charge of a mail coach or a railway train; a conductor. [Eng.]  4. Any fixture or attachment designed to protect or secure against injury, soiling, or defacement, theft or loss; as: (a) That part of a sword hilt which protects the hand. (b) Ornamental lace or hem protecting the edge of a garment. (c) A chain or cord for fastening a watch to one's person or dress. (d) A fence or rail to prevent falling from the deck of a vessel. (e) An extension of the deck of a vessel beyond the hull; esp., in side-wheel steam vessels, the framework of strong timbers, which curves out on each side beyond the paddle wheel, and protects it and the shaft against collision. (f) A plate of metal, beneath the stock, or the lock frame, of a gun or pistol, having a loop, called a bow, to protect the trigger. (g) (Bookbinding) An interleaved strip at the back, as in a scrap book, to guard against its breaking when filled.  5. A posture of defense in fencing, and in bayonet and saber exercise.  6. An expression or admission intended to secure against objections or censure. They have expressed themselves with as few guards and restrictions as I. Atterbury.  7. Watch; heed; care; attention; as, to keep guard.  8. (Zoöl.)  Defn: The fibrous sheath which covers the phragmacone of the Belemnites.  Note: Guard is often used adjectively or in combination; as, guard boat or guardboat; guardroom or guard room; guard duty. Advanced guard, Coast guard, etc. See under Advanced, Coast, etc.  -- Grand guard (Mil.), one of the posts of the second line belonging to a system of advance posts of an army. Mahan.  -- Guard boat. (a) A boat appointed to row the rounds among ships of war in a harbor, to see that their officers keep a good lookout. (b) A boat used by harbor authorities to enforce the observance of quarantine regulations.  -- Guard cells (Bot.), the bordering cells of stomates; they are crescent-shaped and contain chlorophyll.  -- Guard chamber, a guardroom.  -- Guard detail (Mil.men from a company regiment etc., detailed for guard duty.  -- Guard duty (Mil.), the duty of watching patrolling, etc., performed by a sentinel or sentinels.  -- Guard lock (Engin.), a tide lock at the mouth of a dock or basin.  -- Guard of honor (Mil.), a guard appointed to receive or to accompany eminent persons.  -- Guard rail (Railroads), a rail placed on the inside of a main rail, on bridges, at switches, etc., as a safeguard against derailment.  -- Guard ship, a war vessel appointed to superintend the marine affairs in a harbor, and also, in the English service, to receive seamen till they can be distributed among their respective ships.  -- Life guard (Mil.), a body of select troops attending the person of a prince or high officer.  -- Off one's guard, in a careless state; inattentive; unsuspicious of danger.  -- On guard, serving in the capacity of a guard; doing duty as a guard or sentinel; watching.  -- On one's guard, in a watchful state; alert; vigilant.  -- To mount guard (Mil.), to go on duty as a guard or sentinel.  -- To run the guard, to pass the watch or sentinel without leave.  Syn.  -- Defense; shield; protection; safeguard; convoy; escort; care; attention; watch; heed. 
jewel   Jew"el, n. Etym: [OE. juel, jowel, OF. jouel, juel, joiel, F. joyau, dim. of OF. joie joy, jewel, F. joie joy. See Joy.]  1. An ornament of dress usually made of a precious metal, and having enamel or precious stones as a part of its design. Plate of rare device, and jewels Of rich and exquisite form. Shak.  2. A precious stone; a gem. Shak.  3. An object regarded with special affection; a precious thing. "Our prince (jewel of children)." Shak.  4. A bearing for a pivot a pivot in a watch, formed of a crystal or precious stone, as a ruby. Jewel block (Naut.), block at the extremity of a yard, through which the halyard of a studding sail is rove.  JEWEL Jew"el, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Jeweled, or Jewelled; p. pr. & vb. n. Jeweling, or Jewelling.]  Defn: To dress, adorn, deck, or supply with jewels, as a dress, a sword hilt, or a watch; to bespangle, as with jewels. The long gray tufts . . . are jeweled thick with dew. M. Arnold. 
literate   Lit"er*ate, a. Etym: [L. litteratus, literatus. See Letter.]  Defn: Instructed in learning, science, or literature; learned; lettered. The literate now chose their emperor, as the military chose theirs. Landor.  LITERATE Lit"er*ate, n.  1. One educated, but not having taken a university degree; especially, such a person who is prepared to take holy orders. [Eng.]  2. A literary man. 
elite   e`lite", n. Etym: [F., fr. élire to choose, L. eligere. See Elect.]  Defn: A choice or select body; the flower; as, the élite of society. 
silk   Silk, n. Etym: [OE. silk, selk, AS. seolc, seoloc; akin to Icel. silki, SW. & Dan. silke; prob. through Slavic from an Oriental source; cf. Lith. szilkai, Russ. shelk', and also L. sericum Seric stuff, silk. Cf. Sericeous. Serge a woolen stuff.]  1. The fine, soft thread produced by various species of caterpillars in forming the cocoons within which the worm is inclosed during the pupa state, especially that produced by the larvæ of Bombyx mori.  2. Hence, thread spun, or cloth woven, from the above-named material.  3. That which resembles silk, as the filiform styles of the female flower of maize. Raw silk, silk as it is wound off from the cocoons, and before it is manufactured.  -- Silk cotton, a cottony substance enveloping the seeds of the silk-cotton tree.  -- Silk-cotton tree (Bot.), a name for several tropical trees of the genera Bombax and Eriodendron, and belonging to the order Bombaceæ. The trees grow to an immense size, and have their seeds enveloped in a cottony substance, which is used for stuffing cushions, but can not be spun.  -- Silk flower. (Bot.) (a) The silk tree. (b) A similar tree (Calliandra trinervia) of Peru.  -- Silk fowl (Zoöl.), a breed of domestic fowls having silky plumage.  -- Silk gland (Zoöl.), a gland which secretes the material of silk, as in spider or a silkworm; a sericterium.  -- Silk gown, the distinctive robe of a barrister who has been appointed king's or queen's counsel; hence, the counsel himself. Such a one has precedence over mere barristers, who wear stuff gowns. [Eng.] -- Silk grass (Bot.), a kind of grass (Stipa comata) of the Western United States, which has very long silky awns. The name is also sometimes given to various species of the genera Aqave and Yucca.  -- Silk moth (Zoöl.), the adult moth of any silkworm. See Silkworm.  -- Silk shag, a coarse, rough-woven silk, like plush, but with a stiffer nap.  -- Silk spider (Zoöl.), a large spider (Nephila plumipes), native of the Southern United States, remarkable for the large quantity of strong silk it produces and for the great disparity in the sizes of the sexes.  -- Silk thrower, Silk throwster, one who twists or spins silk, and prepares it for weaving. Brande & C.  -- Silk tree (Bot.), an Asiatic leguminous tree (Albizzia Julibrissin) with finely bipinnate leaves, and large flat pods; -- so called because of the abundant long silky stamens of its blossoms. Also called silk flower.  -- Silk vessel. (Zoöl.) Same as Silk gland, above.  -- Virginia silk (Bot.), a climbing plant (Periploca Græca) of the Milkweed family, having a silky tuft on the seeds. It is native in Southern Europe. 
raise   Raise, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Raised; p. pr. & vb. n. Raising.] Etym: [OE. reisen, Icel. reisa, causative of risa to rise. See Rise, and cf. Rear to raise.]  1. To cause to rise; to bring from a lower to a higher place; to lift upward; to elevate; to heave; as, to raise a stone or weight. Hence, figuratively: -- (a) To bring to a higher condition or situation; to elevate in rank, dignity, and the like; to increase the value or estimation of; to promote; to exalt; to advance; to enhance; as, to raise from a low estate; to raise to office; to raise the price, and the like. This gentleman came to be raised to great titles. Clarendon. The plate pieces of eight were raised three pence in the piece. Sir W. Temple.  (b) To increase the strength, vigor, or vehemence of; to excite; to intensify; to invigorate; to heighten; as, to raise the pulse; to raise the voice; to raise the spirits or the courage; to raise the heat of a furnace. (c) To elevate in degree according to some scale; as, to raise the pitch of the voice; to raise the temperature of a room.  2. To cause to rise up, or assume an erect position or posture; to set up; to make upright; as, to raise a mast or flagstaff. Hence: -- (a) To cause to spring up from recumbent position, from a state of quiet, or the like; to awaken; to arouse. They shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep. Job xiv. 12.  (b) To rouse to action; to stir up; to incite to tumult, struggle, or war; to excite. He commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind. Ps. cvii. 25. Æneas . . . employs his pains, In parts remote, to raise the Tuscan swains. Dryden.  (c) To bring up from the lower world; to call up, as a spirit from the world of spirits; to recall from death; to give life to. Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead Acts xxvi. 8.  3. To cause to arise, grow up, or come into being or to appear; to give to; to originate, produce, cause, effect, or the like. Hence, specifically: -- (a) To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect; as, to raise a lofty structure, a wall, a heap of stones. I will raise forts against thee. Isa. xxxix. 3.  (b) To bring together; to collect; to levy; to get together or obtain for use or service; as, to raise money, troops, and the like. "To raise up a rent." Chaucer. (c) To cause to grow; to procure to be produced, bred, or propagated; to grow; as, to raise corn, barley, hops, etc.; toraise cattle. "He raised sheep." "He raised wheat where none grew before." Johnson's Dict.  Note: In some parts of the United States, notably in the Southern States, raise in also commonly applied to the rearing or bringing up of children. I was raised, as they say in Virginia, among the mountains of the North. Paulding.  (d) To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise, come forth, or appear; -- often with up. I will raise them up a prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee. Deut. xviii. 18. God vouchsafes to raise another world From him [Noah], and all his anger to forget. Milton.  (e) To give rise to; to set agoing; to occasion; to start; to originate; as, to raise a smile or a blush. Thou shalt not raise a false report. Ex. xxiii. 1.  (f) To give vent or utterance to; to utter; to strike up. Soon as the prince appears, they raise a cry. Dryden.  (g) To bring to notice; to submit for consideration; as, to raise a point of order; to raise an objection.  4. To cause to rise, as by the effect of leaven; to make light and spongy, as bread. Miss Liddy can dance a jig, and raise paste. Spectator.  5. (Naut.) (a) To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it; as, to raise Sandy Hook light. (b) To let go; as in the command, Raise tacks and sheets, i. e., Let go tacks and sheets.  6. (Law)  Defn: To create or constitute; as, to raise a use that is, to create it. Burrill. To raise a blockade (Mil.), to remove or break up a blockade, either by withdrawing the ships or forces employed in enforcing it, or by driving them away or dispersing them.  -- To raise a check, note, bill of exchange, etc., to increase fraudulently its nominal value by changing the writing, figures, or printing in which the sum payable is specified.  -- To raise a siege, to relinquish an attempt to take a place by besieging it, or to cause the attempt to be relinquished.  -- To raise steam, to produce steam of a required pressure.  -- To raise the wind, to procure ready money by some temporary expedient. [Colloq.] -- To raise Cain, or To raise the devil, to cause a great disturbance; to make great trouble. [Slang]  Syn.  -- To lift; exalt; elevate; erect; originate; cause; produce; grow; heighten; aggravate; excite. 
tramp   Tramp, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tramped; p. pr. & vb. n. Tramping.] Etym: [OE. trampen; akin to LG. trampen, G. trampeln, LG. & D. trappen, Dan. trampe, Sw. & Icel. trampa, Goth. anatrimpan to press upon; also to D. trap a step, G. treppe steps, stairs. Cf. Trap a kind of rock, Trape, Trip, v. i., Tread.]  1. To tread upon forcibly and repeatedly; to trample.  2. To travel or wander through; as, to tramp the country. [Colloq.]  3. To cleanse, as clothes, by treading upon them in water. [Scot.] Jamieson.  TRAMP Tramp, v. i.  Defn: To travel; to wander; to stroll.  TRAMP Tramp, n.  1. A foot journey or excursion; as, to go on a tramp; a long tramp. Blackie.  2. A foot traveler; a tramper; often used in a bad sense for a vagrant or wandering vagabond. Halliwell.  3. The sound of the foot, or of feet, on the earth, as in marching. Sir W. Scott.  4. A tool for trimming hedges.  5. A plate of iron worn to protect the sole of the foot, or the shoe, when digging with a spade. 
harm   Harm, n. Etym: [OE.harm, hearm, AS.hearm; akin to OS. harm, G. harm grief, Icel. harmr, Dan. harme, Sw. harm; cf. OSlav. & Russ. sram' shame, Skr. crama toil, fatigue.]  1. Injury; hurt; damage; detriment; misfortune.  2. That which causes injury, damage, or loss. We, ignorant of ourselves, Beg often our own harms. Shak.  Syn.  -- Mischief; evil; loss; injury. See Mischief.  HARM Harm, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Harmed; p. pr. & vb. n. Harming.] Etym: [OE. harmen, AS. hearmian. See Harm, n.]  Defn: To hurt; to injure; to damage; to wrong. Though yet he never harmed me. Shak. No ground of enmity between us known Why he should mean me ill or seek to harm. Milton. 
empty   Emp"ty, a. [Compar. Emptier; superl. Emptiest.] Etym: [AS. emtig, æmtig, æmetig, fr. æmta, æmetta, quiet, leisure, rest; of uncertain origin; cf. G. emsig busy.]  1. Containing nothing; not holding or having anything within; void of contents or appropriate contents; not filled; -- said of an inclosure, as a box, room, house, etc.; as, an empty chest, room, purse, or pitcher; an empty stomach; empty shackles.  2. Free; clear; devoid; -- often with of. "That fair female troop . . . empty of all good." Milton. I shall find you empty of that fault. Shak.  3. Having nothing to carry; unburdened. "An empty messenger." Shak. When ye go ye shall not go empty. Ex. iii. 21.  4. Destitute of effect, sincerity, or sense; -- said of language; as, empty words, or threats. Words are but empty thanks. Cibber.  5. Unable to satisfy; unsatisfactory; hollow; vain; -- said of pleasure, the world, etc. Pleas'd in the silent shade with empty praise. Pope.  6. Producing nothing; unfruitful; -- said of a plant or tree; as, an empty vine. Seven empty ears blasted with the east wind. Gen. xli. 27.  7. Destitute of, or lacking, sense, knowledge, or courtesy; as, empty brains; an empty coxcomb. That in civility thou seem'st so empty. Shak.  8. Destitute of reality, or real existence; unsubstantial; as, empty dreams.  Note: Empty is used as the first element in a compound; as, empty- handed, having nothing in the hands, destitute; empty-headed, having few ideas; empty-hearted, destitute of feeling.  Syn.  -- See Vacant.  EMPTY Emp"ty, n.; pl. Empties (.  Defn: An empty box, crate, cask, etc.; -- used in commerce, esp. in transportation of freight; as, "special rates for empties."  EMPTY Emp"ty, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Emptied; p. pr. & vb. n. Emptying.]  Defn: To deprive of the contents; to exhaust; to make void or destitute; to make vacant; to pour out; to discharge; as, to empty a vessel; to empty a well or a cistern. The clouds . . . empty themselves upon the earth. Eccl. xi. 3.  EMPTY Emp"ty, v. i.  1. To discharge itself; as, a river empties into the ocean.  2. To become empty. "The chapel empties." B. Jonson. 
tow   Tow, n. Etym: [OE. tow, AS. tow, akin to OD. touw, Icel. taw, v.t.]  Defn: The coarse and broken part of flax or hemp, separated from the finer part by the hatchel or swingle.  TOW Tow, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Towed; p. pr. & vb. n. Towing.] Etym: [OE. towen, totoga to pull about, OHG. zogon, Icel. toga, AS. tohline a towline, and AS.teón to draw, p.p. getogen. See Tug]  Defn: To draw or pull through the water, as a vessel of any kind, by means of a rope.  TOW Tow, n. Etym: [Cf. Icel.taug a rope, from the same root as E.tow, v. t.]  1. A rope by which anything is towed; a towline, or towrope.  2. The act of towing, or the state of being towed;-chiefly used in the phrase, to take in tow, that is to tow.  3. That which is towed, or drawn by a towline, as a barge, raft, collection of boats, ect. 
start   Start, v. i. [imp. & p. p. started; p. pr. & vb. n. starting.] Etym: [OE. sterten; akin to D. storten 8hurl, rush, fall, G. stürzen, OHG. sturzen to turn over, to fall, Sw. störa to cast down, to fall, Dan. styrte, and probably also to E. start a tail; the original sense being, perhaps, to show the tail, to tumble over suddenly. *166. Cf. Start a tail.]  1. To leap; to jump. [Obs.]  2. To move suddenly, as with a spring or leap, from surprise, pain, or other sudden feeling or emotion, or by a voluntary act. And maketh him out of his sleep to start. Chaucer. I start as from some dreadful dream. Dryden. Keep your soul to the work when ready to start aside. I. Watts. But if he start, It is the flesh of a corrupted heart. Shak.  3. To set out; to commence a course, as a race or journey; to begin; as, to start business. At once they start, advancing in a line. Dryden. At intervals some bird from out the brakes Starts into voice a moment, then is still. Byron.  4. To become somewhat displaced or loosened; as, a rivet or a seam may start under strain or pressure. To start after, to set out after; to follow; to pursue.  -- To start against, to act as a rival candidate against.  -- To start for, to be a candidate for, as an office.  -- To start up, to rise suddenly, as from a seat or couch; to come suddenly into notice or importance.  START Start, v. t.  1. To cause to move suddenly; to disturb suddenly; to startle; to alarm; to rouse; to cause to flee or fly; as, the hounds started a fox. Upon malicious bravery dost thou come To start my quiet Shak. Brutus will start a spirit as soon as Cæsar. Shak.  2. To bring onto being or into view; to originate; to invent. Sensual men agree in the pursuit of every pleasure they can start. Sir W. Temple.  3. To cause to move or act; to set going, running, or flowing; as, to start a railway train; to start a mill; to start a stream of water; to start a rumor; to start a business. I was engaged in conversation upon a subject which the people love to start in discourse. Addison.  4. To move suddenly from its place or position; to displace or loosen; to dislocate; as, to start a bone; the storm started the bolts in the vessel. One, by a fall in wrestling, started the end of the clavicle from the sternum. Wiseman.  5. Etym: [Perh. from D. storten, which has this meaning also.] (Naut.)  Defn: To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from; as, to start a water cask.  START Start, n.  1. The act of starting; a sudden spring, leap, or motion, caused by surprise, fear, pain, or the like; any sudden motion, or beginning of motion. The fright awakened Arcite with a start. Dryden.  2. A convulsive motion, twitch, or spasm; a spasmodic effort. For she did speak in starts distractedly. Shak. Nature does nothing by starts and leaps, or in a hurry. L'Estrange.  3. A sudden, unexpected movement; a sudden and capricious impulse; a sally; as, starts of fancy. To check the starts and sallies of the soul. Addison.  4. The beginning, as of a journey or a course of action; first motion from a place; act of setting out; the outset; -- opposed to finish. The start of first performance is all. Bacon. I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips, Straining upon the start. Shak. At a start, at once; in an instant. [Obs.] At a start he was betwixt them two. Chaucer. To get, or have, the start, to before another; to gain or have the advantage in a similar undertaking; -- usually with of. "Get the start of the majestic world." Shak. "She might have forsaken him if he had not got the start of her." Dryden.  START Start, n. Etym: [OE. stert a tail, AS. steort; akin to LG. stert, steert, D. staart, G. sterz, Icel. stertr, Dan. stiert, Sw. stjert. *166. Cf. Stark naked, under Stark, Start, v. i.]  1. A tail, or anything projecting like a tail.  2. The handle, or tail, of a plow; also, any long handle. [Prov. Eng.]  3. The curved or inclined front and bottom of a water-wheel bucket.  4. (Mining)  Defn: The arm, or level, of a gin, drawn around by a horse. 
horn   Horn, n. Etym: [AS. horn; akin to D. horen, hoorn, G., Icel., Sw., & Dan. horn, Goth. haúrn, W., Gael., & Ir. corn, L. cornu, Gr. cheer, cranium, cerebral; cf. Skr. çiras head. Cf. Carat, Corn on the foot, Cornea, Corner, Cornet, Cornucopia, Hart.]  1. A hard, projecting, and usually pointed organ, growing upon the heads of certain animals, esp. of the ruminants, as cattle, goats, and the like. The hollow horns of the Ox family consist externally of true horn, and are never shed.  2. The antler of a deer, which is of bone throughout, and annually shed and renewed.  3. (Zoöl.)  Defn: Any natural projection or excrescence from an animal, resembling or thought to resemble a horn in substance or form; esp.: (a) A projection from the beak of a bird, as in the hornbill. (b) A tuft of feathers on the head of a bird, as in the horned owl. (c) A hornlike projection from the head or thorax of an insect, or the head of a reptile, or fish. (d) A sharp spine in front of the fins of a fish, as in the horned pout.  4. (Bot.)  Defn: An incurved, tapering and pointed appendage found in the flowers of the milkweed (Asclepias).  5. Something made of a horn, or in resemblance of a horn; as: (a) A wind instrument of music; originally, one made of a horn (of an ox or a ram); now applied to various elaborately wrought instruments of brass or other metal, resembling a horn in shape. "Wind his horn under the castle wall." Spenser. See French horn, under French. (b) A drinking cup, or beaker, as having been originally made of the horns of cattle. "Horns of mead and ale." Mason. (c) The cornucopia, or horn of plenty. See Cornucopia. "Fruits and flowers from Amalthæa's horn." Milton. (d) A vessel made of a horn; esp., one designed for containing powder; anciently, a small vessel for carrying liquids. "Samuel took the hornof oil and anointed him [David]." 1 Sam. xvi. 13. (e) The pointed beak of an anvil. (f) The high pommel of a saddle; also, either of the projections on a lady's saddle for supporting the leg. (g) (Arch.) The Ionic volute. (h) (Naut.) The outer end of a crosstree; also, one of the projections forming the jaws of a gaff, boom, etc. (i) (Carp.) A curved projection on the fore part of a plane. (j) One of the projections at the four corners of the Jewish altar of burnt offering. "Joab . . . caught hold on the horns of the altar." 1 Kings ii. 28.  6. One of the curved ends of a crescent; esp., an extremity or cusp of the moon when crescent-shaped. The moon Wears a wan circle round her blunted horns. Thomson.  7. (Mil.)  Defn: The curving extremity of the wing of an army or of a squadron drawn up in a crescentlike form. Sharpening in mooned horns Their phalanx. Milton.  8. The tough, fibrous material of which true horns are composed, being, in the Ox family, chiefly albuminous, with some phosphate of lime; also, any similar substance, as that which forms the hoof crust of horses, sheep, and cattle; as, a spoon of horn.  9. (Script.)  Defn: A symbol of strength, power, glory, exaltation, or pride. The Lord is . . . the horn of my salvation. Ps. xviii. 2.  10. An emblem of a cuckold; -- used chiefly in the plural. "Thicker than a cuckold's horn." Shak. Horn block, the frame or pedestal in which a railway car axle box slides up and down; -- also called horn plate.  -- Horn of a dilemma. See under Dilemma.  -- Horn distemper, a disease of cattle, affecting the internal substance of the horn.  -- Horn drum, a wheel with long curved scoops, for raising water.  -- Horn lead (Chem.), chloride of lead.  -- Horn maker, a maker of cuckolds. [Obs.] Shak.  -- Horn mercury. (Min.) Same as Horn quicksilver (below).  -- Horn poppy (Bot.), a plant allied to the poppy (Glaucium luteum), found on the sandy shores of Great Britain and Virginia; -- called also horned poppy. Gray.  -- Horn pox (Med.), abortive smallpox with an eruption like that of chicken pox.  -- Horn quicksilver (Min.), native calomel, or bichloride of mercury.  -- Horn shell (Zoöl.), any long, sharp, spiral, gastropod shell, of the genus Cerithium, and allied genera.  -- Horn silver (Min.), cerargyrite.  -- Horn slate, a gray, siliceous stone.  -- To haul in one's horns, to withdraw some arrogant pretension. [Colloq.] -- To raise, or lift, the horn (Script.), to exalt one's self; to act arrogantly. "'Gainst them that raised thee dost thou lift thy horn" Milton.  -- To take a horn, to take a drink of intoxicating liquor. [Low]  HORN Horn, v. t.  1. To furnish with horns; to give the shape of a horn to.  2. To cause to wear horns; to cuckold. [Obs.] Shak. 
painful   Pain"ful, a.  1. Full of pain; causing uneasiness or distress, either physical or mental; afflictive; disquieting; distressing Addison.  2. Requiring labor or toil; difficult; executed with laborious effort; as a painful service; a painful march.  3. Painstaking; careful; industrious. [Obs.] Fuller. A very painful person, and a great clerk. Jer. Taylor. Nor must the painful husbandman be tired. Dryden.  Syn.  -- Disquieting; troublesome; afflictive; distressing; grievous; laborious; toilsome; difficult; arduous.  -- Pain"ful*ly, adv.  -- Pain"ful*ness, n. 
man   Man, n.; pl. Men. Etym: [AS. mann, man, monn, mon; akin to OS., D., & OHG. man, G. mann, Icel. maedhr, for mannr, Dan. Mand, Sw. man, Goth. manna, Skr. manu, manus, and perh. to Skr. man to think, and E. mind. sq. root104. Cf. Minx a pert girl.]  1. A human being; -- opposed tobeast. These men went about wide, and man found they none, But fair country, and wild beast many [a] one. R. of Glouc. The king is but a man, as I am; the violet smells to him as it doth to me. Shak.  2. Especially: An adult male person; a grown-up male person, as distinguished from a woman or a child. When I became a man, I put away childish things. I Cor. xiii. 11. Ceneus, a woman once, and once a man. Dryden.  3. The human race; mankind. And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion. Gen. i. 26. The proper study of mankind is man. Pope.  4. The male portion of the human race. Woman has, in general, much stronger propensity than man to the discharge of parental duties. Cowper.  5. One possessing in a high degree the distinctive qualities of manhood; one having manly excellence of any kind. Shak. This was the noblest Roman of them all . . . the elements So mixed in him that Nature might stand up And say to all the world "This was a man! Shak.  6. An adult male servant; also, a vassal; a subject. Like master, like man. Old Proverb. The vassal, or tenant, kneeling, ungirt, uncovered, and holding up his hands between those of his lord, professed that he did become his man from that day forth, of life, limb, and earthly honor. Blackstone.  7. A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste; as, Come, man, we 've no time to lose !  8. A married man; a husband; -- correlative to wife. I pronounce that they are man and wife. Book of Com. Prayer. every wife ought to answer for her man. Addison.  9. One, or any one, indefinitely; -- a modified survival of the Saxon use of man, or mon, as an indefinite pronoun. A man can not make him laugh. Shak. A man would expect to find some antiquities; but all they have to show of this nature is an old rostrum of a Roman ship. Addison.  10. One of the piece with which certain games, as chess or draughts, are played.  Note: Man is often used as a prefix in composition, or as a separate adjective, its sense being usually self-explaining; as, man child, man eater or maneater, man-eating, man hater or manhater, man-hating, manhunter, man-hunting, mankiller, man-killing, man midwife, man pleaser, man servant, man-shaped, manslayer, manstealer, man- stealing, manthief, man worship, etc. Man is also used as a suffix to denote a person of the male sex having a business which pertains to the thing spoken of in the qualifying part of the compound; ashman, butterman, laundryman, lumberman, milkman, fireman, showman, waterman, woodman. Where the combination is not familiar, or where some specific meaning of the compound is to be avoided, man is used as a separate substantive in the foregoing sense; as, apple man, cloth man, coal man, hardware man, wood man (as distinguished from woodman). Man ape (Zoöl.), a anthropoid ape, as the gorilla.  -- Man at arms, a designation of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries for a soldier fully armed.  -- Man engine, a mechanical lift for raising or lowering people through considerable distances; specifically (Mining), a contrivance by which miners ascend or descend in a shaft. It consists of a series of landings in the shaft and an equal number of shelves on a vertical rod which has an up and down motion equal to the distance between the successive landings. A man steps from a landing to a shelf and is lifted or lowered to the next landing, upon which he them steps, and so on, traveling by successive stages.  -- Man Friday, a person wholly subservient to the will of another, like Robinson Crusoe's servant Friday.  -- Man of straw, a puppet; one who is controlled by others; also, one who is not responsible pecuniarily.  -- Man-of-the earth (Bot.), a twining plant (Ipomoea pandurata) with leaves and flowers much like those of the morning-glory, but having an immense tuberous farinaceous root.  -- Man of war. (a) A warrior; a soldier. Shak. (b) (Naut.) See in the Vocabulary.  -- To be one's own man, to have command of one's self; not to be subject to another.  MAN Man, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Manned; p. pr. & vb. n. Manning.]  1. To supply with men; to furnish with a sufficient force or complement of men, as for management, service, defense, or the like; to guard; as, to man a ship, boat, or fort. See how the surly Warwick mans the wall ! Shak. They man their boats, and all their young men arm. Waller.  2. To furnish with strength for action; to prepare for efficiency; to fortify. "Theodosius having manned his soul with proper reflections." Addison.  3. To tame, as a hawk. [R.] Shak.  4. To furnish with a servants. [Obs.] Shak.  5. To wait on as a manservant. [Obs.] Shak.  Note: In "Othello," V. ii. 270, the meaning is uncertain, being, perhaps: To point, to aim, or to manage. To man a yard (Naut.), to send men upon a yard, as for furling or reefing a sail.  -- To man the yards (Naut.), to station men on the yards as a salute or mark of respect. 
steep   Steep (step), a.  Defn: Bright; glittering; fiery. [Obs.] His eyen steep, and rolling in his head. Chaucer.  STEEP Steep, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Steeped (stept); p. pr. & vb. n. Steeping.] Etym: [OE. stepen, probably fr. Icel. steypa to cause to stoop, cast down, pour out, to cast metals, causative of stupa to stoop; cf. Sw. stöpa to cast, to steep, Dan. stöbe, D. & G. stippen to steep, to dip. Cf. Stoop, v. t.]  Defn: To soak in a liquid; to macerate; to extract the essence of by soaking; as, to soften seed by steeping it in water. Often used figuratively. Let fancy still my sense in Lethe steep. Shak. In refreshing dew to steep The little, trembling flowers. Wordsworth. The learned of the nation were steeped in Latin. Earle.  STEEP Steep, v. i.  Defn: To undergo the process of soaking in a liquid; as, the tea is steeping. [Colloq.]  STEEP Steep, n.  1. Something steeped, or used in steeping; a fertilizing liquid to hasten the germination of seeds.  2. A rennet bag. [Prov. Eng.]  STEEP Steep, a. [Comper. Steeper; superl. Steepest.] Etym: [OE. steep, step, AS. steáp; akin to Icel. steyp steep, and stupa to stoop, Sw. stupa to fall, to tilt; cf. OFries. stap high. Cf. Stoop, v. i., Steep, v. t., Steeple.]  1. Making a large angle with the plane of the horizon; ascending or descending rapidly with respect to a horizontal line or a level; precipitous; as, a steep hill or mountain; a steep roof; a steep ascent; a steep declivity; a steep barometric gradient.  2. Difficult of access; not easy reached; lofty; elevated; high. [Obs.] Chapman.  3. Excessive; as, a steep price. [Slang]  STEEP Steep, n.  Defn: A precipitous place, hill, mountain, rock, or ascent; any elevated object sloping with a large angle to the plane of the horizon; a precipice. Dryden. We had on each side naked rocks and mountains broken into a thousand irregular steeps and precipices. Addison. Bare steeps, where desolation stalks. Wordsworth.  STEEP-DOWN Steep"-down`, a.  Defn: Deep and precipitous, having steep descent. [R.] Wash me in steep-down gulfs of liquid fire. Shak. 
act   Act, n. Etym: [L. actus, fr. agere to drive, do: cf. F. acte. See Agent.]  1. That which is done or doing; the exercise of power, or the effect, of which power exerted is the cause; a performance; a deed. That best portion of a good man's life, His little, nameless, unremembered acts Of kindness and of love. Wordsworth. Hence, in specific uses: (a) The result of public deliberation; the decision or determination of a legislative body, council, court of justice, etc.; a decree, edit, law, judgment, resolve, award; as, an act of Parliament, or of Congress. (b) A formal solemn writing, expressing that something has been done. Abbott. (c) A performance of part of a play; one of the principal divisions of a play or dramatic work in which a certain definite part of the action is completed. (d) A thesis maintained in public, in some English universities, by a candidate for a degree, or to show the proficiency of a student.  2. A state of reality or real existence as opposed to a possibility or possible existence. [Obs.] The seeds of plants are not at first in act, but in possibility, what they afterward grow to be. Hooker.  3. Process of doing; action. In act, in the very doing; on the point of (doing). "In act to shoot." Dryden. This woman was taken . . . in the very act. John viii. 4. Act of attainder. (Law) See Attainder.  -- Act of bankruptcy (Law), an act of a debtor which renders him liable to be adjudged a bankrupt.  -- Act of faith. (Ch. Hist.) See Auto-da-Fé.  -- Act of God (Law), an inevitable accident; such extraordinary interruption of the usual course of events as is not to be looked for in advance, and against which ordinary prudence could not guard.  -- Act of grace, an expression often used to designate an act declaring pardon or amnesty to numerous offenders, as at the beginning of a new reign.  -- Act of indemnity, a statute passed for the protection of those who have committed some illegal act subjecting them to penalties. Abbott.  -- Act in pais, a thing done out of court (anciently, in the country), and not a matter of record.  Syn.  -- See Action.  ACT Act, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Acted; p. pr. & vb. n. Acting.] Etym: [L. actus, p. p. of agere to drive, lead, do; but influenced by E. act, n.]  1. To move to action; to actuate; to animate. [Obs.] Self-love, the spring of motion, acts the soul. Pope.  2. To perform; to execute; to do. [Archaic] That we act our temporal affairs with a desire no greater than our necessity. Jer. Taylor. Industry doth beget by producing good habits, and facility of acting things expedient for us to do. Barrow. Uplifted hands that at convenient times Could act extortion and the worst of crimes. Cowper.  3. To perform, as an actor; to represent dramatically on the stage.  4. To assume the office or character of; to play; to personate; as, to act the hero.  5. To feign or counterfeit; to simulate. With acted fear the villain thus pursued. Dryden. To act a part, to sustain the part of one of the characters in a play; hence, to simulate; to dissemble.  -- To act the part of, to take the character of; to fulfill the duties of.  ACT Act, v. i.  1. To exert power; to produce an effect; as, the stomach acts upon food.  2. To perform actions; to fulfill functions; to put forth energy; to move, as opposed to remaining at rest; to carry into effect a determination of the will. He hangs between, in doubt to act or rest. Pope.  3. To behave or conduct, as in morals, private duties, or public offices; to bear or deport one's self; as, we know not why he has acted so.  4. To perform on the stage; to represent a character. To show the world how Garrick did not act. Cowper. To act as or for, to do the work of; to serve as.  -- To act on, to regulate one's conduct according to.  -- To act up to, to equal in action; to fulfill in practice; as, he has acted up to his engagement or his advantages. 
vest   Vest, n. Etym: [L. vestis a garment, vesture; akin to Goth. wasti, and E. wear: cf. F. veste. See Wear to carry on the person, and cf. Divest, Invest, Travesty.]  1. An article of clothing covering the person; an outer garment; a vestment; a dress; a vesture; a robe. In state attended by her maiden train, Who bore the vests that holy rites require. Dryden.  2. Any outer covering; array; garb. Not seldom clothed in radiant vest Deceitfully goes forth the morn. Wordsworth.  3. Specifically, a waistcoat, or sleeveless body garment, for men, worn under the coat.  Syn.  -- Garment; vesture; dress; robe; vestment; waistcoat.  -- Vest, Waistcoat. In England, the original word waistcoat is generally used for the body garment worn over the shirt and immediately under the coat. In the United States this garment is commonly called a vest, and the waistcoat is often improperly given to an under-garment.  VEST Vest, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Vested; p. pr. & vb. n. Vesting.] Etym: [Cf. L. vestire, vestitum, OF. vestir, F. vêtir. See Vest, n.]  1. To clothe with, or as with, a vestment, or garment; to dress; to robe; to cover, surround, or encompass closely. Came vested all in white, pure as her mind. Milton. With ether vested, and a purple sky. Dryden.  2. To clothe with authority, power, or the like; to put in possession; to invest; to furnish; to endow; -- followed by with before the thing conferred; as, to vest a court with power to try cases of life and death. Had I been vested with the monarch's power. Prior.  3. To place or give into the possession or discretion of some person or authority; to commit to another; -- with in before the possessor; as, the power of life and death is vested in the king, or in the courts. Empire and dominion was [were] vested in him. Locke.  4. To invest; to put; as, to vest money in goods, land, or houses. [R.]  5. (Law)  Defn: To clothe with possession; as, to vest a person with an estate; also, to give a person an immediate fixed right of present or future enjoyment of; as, an estate is vested in possession. Bouvier.  VEST Vest, v. i.  Defn: To come or descend; to be fixed; to take effect, as a title or right; -- followed by in; as, upon the death of the ancestor, the estate, or the right to the estate, vests in the heir at law. 
annoy   An*noy", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Annoyed; p. pr. & vb. n. Annoying.] Etym: [OE. anoien, anuien, OF. anoier, anuier, F. ennuyer, fr. OF. anoi, anui, enui, annoyance, vexation, F. ennui. See Annoy, n.] To disturb or irritate, especially by continued or repeated acts; to tease; to ruffle in mind; to vex; as, I was annoyed by his remarks. Say, what can more our tortured souls annoy Than to behold, admire, and lose our joy Prior.  2. To molest, incommode, or harm; as, to annoy an army by impeding its march, or by a cannonade.  Syn.  -- To molest; vex; trouble; pester; embarrass; perplex; tease.  ANNOY An*noy", n. Etym: [OE. anoi, anui, OF. anoi, anui, enui, fr. L. in odio hatred (esse alicui in odio, Cic.). See Ennui, Odium, Noisome, Noy.]  Defn: A feeling of discomfort or vexation caused by what one dislikes; also, whatever causes such a feeling; as, to work annoy. Worse than Tantalus' is her annoy. Shak. 
reflect   Re*flect" (r*flkt"), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Reflected; p. pr. & vb. n. Reflecting.] Etym: [L. reflectere, reflexum; pref. re- re- + flectere to bend or turn. See Flexible, and cf. Reflex, v.]  1. To bend back; to give a backwaas, a mirror reflects rays of light; polished metals reflect heat. Let me mind the reader to reflect his eye on our quotations. Fuller. Bodies close together reflect their own color. Dryden.  2. To give back an image or likeness of; to mirror. Nature is the glass reflecting God, As by the sea reflected is the sun. Young.  REFLECT Re*flect" v. i.  1. To throw back light, heat, or the like; to return rays or beams.  2. To be sent back; to rebound as from a surface; to revert; to return. Whose virtues will, I hope, Reflect on Rome, as Titan's rays on earth. Shak.  3. To throw or turn back the thoughts upon anything; to contemplate. Specifically: To attend earnestly to what passes within the mind; to attend to the facts or phenomena of consciousness; to use attention or earnest thought; to meditate; especially, to think in relation to moral truth or rules. We can not be said to reflect upon any external object, except so far as that object has been previously perceived, and its image become part and parcel of our intellectual furniture. Sir W. Hamilton. All men are concious of the operations of their own minds, at all times, while they are awake, but there few who reflect upon them, or make them objects of thought. Reid. As I much reflected, much I mourned. Prior.  4. To cast reproach; to cause censure or dishonor. Errors of wives reflect on husbands still. Dryden. Neither do I reflect in the least upon the memory of his late majesty. Swift.  Syn.  -- To consider; think; cogitate; mediate; contemplate; ponder; muse; ruminate. 
toothpaste  Word is not found.
coach   Coach (; 224), n. Etym: [F. coche, fr. It. cocchio, dim. of cocca little boat, fr. L. concha mussel, mussel shell, Gr. çankha. Cf. Conch, Cockboat, Cockle.]  1. A large, closed, four-wheeled carriage, having doors in the sides, and generally a front and back seat inside, each for two persons, and an elevated outside seat in front for the driver.  Note: Coaches have a variety of forms, and differ in respect to the number of persons they can carry. Mail coaches and tallyho coaches often have three or more seats inside, each for two or three persons, and seats outside, sometimes for twelve or more.  2. A special tutor who assists in preparing a student for examination; a trainer; esp. one who trains a boat's crew for a race. [Colloq.] Wareham was studying for India with a Wancester coach. G. Eliot.  3. (Naut.)  Defn: A cabin on the after part of the quarterdeck, usually occupied by the captain. [Written also couch.] [Obs.] The commanders came on board and the council sat in the coach. Pepys.  4. (Railroad)  Defn: A first-class passenger car, as distinguished from a drawing- room car, sleeping car, etc. It is sometimes loosely applied to any passenger car.  COACH Coach, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Coached; p. pr. & vb. n. Coaching.]  1. To convey in a coach. Pope.  2. To prepare for public examination by private instruction; to train by special instruction. [Colloq.] I coached him before he got his scholarship. G. Eliot.  COACH Coach, v. i.  Defn: To drive or to ride in a coach; -- sometimes used with it. [Colloq.] "Coaching it to all quarters." E. Waterhouse. 
flower   Flow"er, n. Etym: [OE. flour, OF. flour, flur, flor, F. fleur, fr. L. flos, floris. Cf. Blossom, Effloresce, Floret, Florid, Florin, Flour, Flourish.]  1. In the popular sense, the bloom or blossom of a plant; the showy portion, usually of a different color, shape, and texture from the foliage.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: That part of a plant destined to produce seed, and hence including one or both of the sexual organs; an organ or combination of the organs of reproduction, whether inclosed by a circle of foliar parts or not. A complete flower consists of two essential parts, the stamens and the pistil, and two floral envelopes, the corolla and callyx. In mosses the flowers consist of a few special leaves surrounding or subtending organs called archegonia. See Blossom, and Corolla.  Note: If we examine a common flower, such for instance as a geranium, we shall find that it consists of: First, an outer envelope or calyx, sometimes tubular, sometimes consisting of separate leaves called sepals; secondly, an inner envelope or corolla, which is generally more or less colored, and which, like the calyx, is sometimes tubular, sometimes composed of separate leaves called petals; thirdly, one or more stamens, consisting of a stalk or filament and a head or anther, in which the pollen is produced; and fourthly, a pistil, which is situated in the center of the flower, and consists generally of three principal parts; one or more compartments at the base, each containing one or more seeds; the stalk or style; and the stigma, which in many familiar instances forms a small head, at the top of the style or ovary, and to which the pollen must find its way in order to fertilize the flower. Sir J. Lubbock.  3. The fairest, freshest, and choicest part of anything; as, the flower of an army, or of a family; the state or time of freshness and bloom; as, the flower of life, that is, youth. The choice and flower of all things profitable the Psalms do more briefly contain. Hooker. The flower of the chivalry of all Spain. Southey. A simple maiden in her flower Is worth a hundred coats of arms. Tennyson.  4. Grain pulverized; meal; flour. [Obs.] The flowers of grains, mixed with water, will make a sort of glue. Arbuthnot.  5. pl. (Old. Chem.)  Defn: A substance in the form of a powder, especially when condensed from sublimation; as, the flowers of sulphur.  6. A figure of speech; an ornament of style.  7. pl. (Print.)  Defn: Ornamental type used chiefly for borders around pages, cards, etc. W. Savage.  8. pl.  Defn: Menstrual discharges. Lev. xv. 24. Animal flower (Zoöl.) See under Animal.  -- Cut flowers, flowers cut from the stalk, as for making a bouquet.  -- Flower bed, a plat in a garden for the cultivation of flowers.  -- Flower beetle (Zoöl.), any beetle which feeds upon flowers, esp. any one of numerous small species of the genus Meligethes, family Nitidulidæ, some of which are injurious to crops.  -- Flower bird (Zoöl.), an Australian bird of the genus Anthornis, allied to the honey eaters.  -- Flower bud, an unopened flower.  -- Flower clock, an assemblage of flowers which open and close at different hours of the day, thus indicating the time.  -- Flower head (Bot.), a compound flower in which all the florets are sessile on their receptacle, as in the case of the daisy.  -- Flower pecker (Zoöl.), one of a family (Dicæidæ) of small Indian and Australian birds. They resemble humming birds in habits.  -- Flower piece. (a) A table ornament made of cut flowers. (b) (Fine Arts) A picture of flowers.  -- Flower stalk (Bot.), the peduncle of a plant, or the stem that supports the flower or fructification.  FLOWER Flow"er, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Flowered; p. pr. & vb. n. Flowering.] Etym: [From the noun. Cf. Flourish.]  1. To blossom; to bloom; to expand the petals, as a plant; to produce flowers; as, this plant flowers in June.  2. To come into the finest or fairest condition. Their lusty and flowering age. Robynson (More's Utopia). When flowered my youthful spring. Spenser.  3. To froth; to ferment gently, as new beer. That beer did flower a little. Bacon.  4. To come off as flowers by sublimation. [Obs.] Observations which have flowered off. Milton.  FLOWER Flow"er, v. t.  Defn: To embellish with flowers; to adorn with imitated flowers; as, flowered silk. 
psychotic  
stick   Stick, n. Etym: [OE. sticke, AS. sticca; akin to stician to stab, prick, pierce, G. stecken a stick, staff, OHG. steccho, Icel. stik a stick. See Stick, v. t..]  1. A small shoot, or branch, separated, as by a cutting, from a tree or shrub; also, any stem or branch of a tree, of any size, cut for fuel or timber. Withered sticks to gather, which might serve Against a winter's day. Milton.  2. Any long and comparatively slender piece of wood, whether in natural form or shaped with tools; a rod; a wand; a staff; as, the stick of a rocket; a walking stick.  3. Anything shaped like a stick; as, a stick of wax.  4. A derogatory expression for a person; one who is inert or stupid; as, an odd stick; a poor stick. [Colloq.]  5. (Print.)  Defn: A composing stick. See under Composing. It is usually a frame of metal, but for posters, handbills, etc., one made of wood is used.  6. A thrust with a pointed instrument; a stab. A stick of eels, twenty-five eels. [Prov. Eng.] -- Stick chimney, a chimney made of sticks laid crosswise, and cemented with clay or mud, as in some log houses. [U.S.] -- Stick insect, (Zoöl.), any one of various species of wingless orthopterous insects of the family Phasmidæ, which have a long round body, resembling a stick in form and color, and long legs, which are often held rigidly in such positions as to make them resemble small twigs. They thus imitate the branches and twigs of the trees on which they live. The common American species is Diapheromera femorata. Some of the Asiatic species are more than a foot long.  -- To cut one's stick, or To cut stick, to run away. [Slang] De Quincey.  STICK Stick, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stuck (Obs. Sticked (); p. pr. & vb. n. Sticking.] Etym: [OE. stikien, v.t. & i., combined with steken, whence E. stuck), AS. stician, v.t. & i., and (assumed) stecan, v.t.; akin to OFries. steka, OS. stekan, OHG. stehhan, G. stechen, and to Gr. tij to be sharp. Cf. Distinguish, Etiquette, Extinct, Instigate, Instinct, Prestige, Stake, Steak, Stick, n., Stigma, Stimulate, Sting, Stitch in sewing, Style for or in writing.]  1. To penetrate with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to stab; hence, to kill by piercing; as, to stick a beast. And sticked him with bodkins anon. Chaucer. It was a shame . . . to stick him under the other gentleman's arm while he was redding the fray. Sir W. Scott.  2. To cause to penetrate; to push, thrust, or drive, so as to pierce; as, to stick a needle into one's finger. Thou stickest a dagger in me. Shak.  3. To fasten, attach, or cause to remain, by thrusting in; hence, also, to adorn or deck with things fastened on as by piercing; as, to stick a pin on the sleeve. My shroud of white, stuck all with yew. Shak. The points of spears are stuck within the shield. Dryden.  4. To set; to fix in; as, to stick card teeth.  5. To set with something pointed; as, to stick cards.  6. To fix on a pointed instrument; to impale; as, to stick an apple on a fork.  7. To attach by causing to adhere to the surface; as, to stick on a plaster; to stick a stamp on an envelope; also, to attach in any manner.  8. (Print.)  Defn: To compose; to set, or arrange, in a composing stick; as, to stick type. [Cant]  9. (Joinery)  Defn: To run or plane (moldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such moldings are said to be stuck.  10. To cause to stick; to bring to a stand; to pose; to puzzle; as, to stick one with a hard problem. [Colloq.]  11. To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat. [Slang] To stick out, to cause to project or protrude; to render prominent.  STICK Stick, v. i.  1. To adhere; as, glue sticks to the fingers; paste sticks to the wall. The green caterpillar breedeth in the inward parts of roses not blown, where the dew sticketh. Bacon.  2. To remain where placed; to be fixed; to hold fast to any position so as to be moved with difficulty; to cling; to abide; to cleave; to be united closely. A friend that sticketh closer than a brother. Prov. xviii. 24. I am a kind of bur; I shall stick. Shak. If on your fame our sex a bolt has thrown, 'T will ever stick through malice of your own. Young.  3. To be prevented from going farther; to stop by reason of some obstacle; to be stayed. I had most need of blessing, and "Amen" Stuck in my throat. Shak. The trembling weapon passed Through nine bull hides, . . . and stuck within the last. Dryden.  4. To be embarrassed or puzzled; to hesitate; to be deterred, as by scruples; to scruple; -- often with at. They will stick long at part of a demonstration for want of perceiving the connection of two ideas. Locke. Some stick not to say, that the parson and attorney forged a will. Arbuthnot.  5. To cause difficulties, scruples, or hesitation. This is the difficulty that sticks with the most reasonable. Swift. To stick by. (a) To adhere closely to; to be firm in supporting. "We are your only friends; stick by us, and we will stick by you." Davenant. (b) To be troublesome by adhering. "I am satisfied to trifle away my time, rather than let it stick by me." Pope.  -- To stick out. (a) To project; to be prominent. "His bones that were not seen stick out." Job xxxiii. 21. (b) To persevere in a purpose; to hold out; as, the garrison stuck out until relieved. [Colloq.]v.i. to stick it out.  -- To stick to, to be persevering in holding to; as, to stick to a party or cause. "The advantage will be on our side if we stick to its essentials." Addison.  -- To stick up, to stand erect; as, his hair sticks up.  -- To stick up for, to assert and defend; as, to stick up for one's rights or for a friend. [Colloq.] -- To stick upon, to dwell upon; not to forsake. "If the matter be knotty, the mind must stop and buckle to it, and stick upon it with labor and thought." Locke. 
pass   Pass, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Passed; p. pr. & vb. n. Passing.] Etym: [F. passer, LL. passare, fr. L. passus step, or from pandere, passum, to spread out, lay open. See Pace.]  1. To go; to move; to proceed; to be moved or transferred from one point to another; to make a transit; -- usually with a following adverb or adverbal phrase defining the kind or manner of motion; as, to pass on, by, out, in, etc.; to pass swiftly, directly, smoothly, etc.; to pass to the rear, under the yoke, over the bridge, across the field, beyond the border, etc. "But now pass over [i.e., pass on]." Chaucer. On high behests his angels to and fro Passed frequent. Milton. Sweet sounds rose slowly through their mouths, And from their bodies passed. Coleridge.  2. To move or be transferred from one state or condition to another; to change possession, condition, or circumstances; to undergo transition; as, the business has passed into other hands. Others, dissatisfied with what they have, . . . pass from just to unjust. Sir W. Temple.  3. To move beyond the range of the senses or of knowledge; to pass away; hence, to disappear; to vanish; to depart; specifically, to depart from life; to die. Disturb him not, let him pass paceably. Shak. Beauty is a charm, but soon the charm will pass. Dryden. The passing of the sweetest soul That ever looked with human eyes. Tennyson.  4. To move or to come into being or under notice; to come and go in consciousness; hence, to take place; to occur; to happen; to come; to occur progressively or in succession; to be present transitorly. So death passed upon all men. Rom. v. 12. Our own consciousness of what passes within our own mind. I. Watts.  5. To go by or glide by, as time; to elapse; to be spent; as, their vacation passed pleasantly. Now the time is far passed. Mark vi. 35  6. To go from one person to another; hence, to be given and taken freely; as, clipped coin will not pass; to obtain general acceptance; to be held or regarded; to circulate; to be current; -- followed by for before a word denoting value or estimation. "Let him pass for a man." Shak. False eloquence passeth only where true is not understood. Felton. This will not pass for a fault in him. Atterbury.  7. To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to validity or effectiveness; to be carried through a body that has power to sanction or reject; to receive legislative sanction; to be enacted; as, the resolution passed; the bill passed both houses of Congress.  8. To go through any inspection or test successfully; to be approved or accepted; as, he attempted the examination, but did not expect to pass.  9. To be suffered to go on; to be tolerated; hence, to continue; to live alogn. "The play may pass." Shak.  10. To go unheeded or neglected; to proceed without hindrance or opposition; as, we let this act pass.  11. To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess. [Obs.] "This passes, Master Ford." Shak.  12. To take heed; to care. [Obs.] As for these silken-coated slaves, I pass not. Shak.  13. To go through the intestines. Arbuthnot.  14. (Law)  Defn: To be conveyed or transferred by will, deed, or other instrument of conveyance; as, an estate passes by a certain clause in a deed. Mozley & W.  15. (Fencing)  Defn: To make a lunge or pass; to thrust.  16. (Card Playing)  Defn: To decline to play in one's turn; in euchre, to decline to make the trump. She would not play, yet must not pass. Prior. To bring to pass, To come to pass. See under Bring, and Come.  -- To pass away, to disappear; to die; to vanish. "The heavens shall pass away." 2 Pet. iii. 10. "I thought to pass away before, but yet alive I am." Tennyson.  -- To pass by, to go near and beyond a certain person or place; as, he passed by as we stood there.  -- To pass into, to change by a gradual transmission; to blend or unite with.  -- To pass on, to proceed.  -- To pass on or upon. (a) To happen to; to come upon; to affect. "So death passed upon all men." Rom. v. 12. "Provided no indirect act pass upon our prayers to define them." Jer. Taylor. (b) To determine concerning; to give judgment or sentence upon. "We may not pass upon his life." Shak.  -- To pass off, to go away; to cease; to disappear; as, an agitation passes off.  -- To pass over, to go from one side or end to the other; to cross, as a river, road, or bridge.  PASS Pass, v. t.  1. In simple, transitive senses; as: (a) To go by, beyond, over, through, or the like; to proceed from one side to the other of; as, to pass a house, a stream, a boundary, etc. (b) Hence:  Defn: To go from one limit to the other of; to spend; to live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer. "To pass commodiously this life." Milton. She loved me for the dangers I had passed. Shak.  (c) To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard. Please you that I may pass This doing. Shak. I pass their warlike pomp, their proud array. Dryden.  (d) To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed. And strive to pass . . . Their native music by her skillful art. Spenser. Whose tender power Passes the strength of storms in their most desolate hour. Byron.  (e) To go successfully through, as an examination, trail, test, etc.; to obtain the formal sanction of, as a legislative body; as, he passed his examination; the bill passed the senate.  2. In causative senses: as: (a) To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person, place, or condition to another; to transmit; to deliver; to hand; to make over; as, the waiter passed bisquit and cheese; the torch was passed from hand to hand. I had only time to pass my eye over the medals. Addison. Waller passed over five thousand horse and foot by Newbridge. Clarendon.  (b) To cause to pass the lips; to utter; to pronounce; hence, to promise; to pledge; as, to pass sentence. Shak. Father, thy word is passed. Milton.  (c) To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal, examination, or action; specifically, to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just; as, he passed the bill through the committee; the senate passed the law. (e) To put in circulation; to give currency to; as, to pass counterfeit money. "Pass the happy news." Tennyson. (f) To cause to obtain entrance, admission, or conveyance; as, to pass a person into a theater, or over a railroad.  3. To emit from the bowels; to evacuate.  4. (Naut.)  Defn: To take a turn with (a line, gasket, etc.), as around a sail in furling, and make secure.  5. (Fencing)  Defn: To make, as a thrust, punto, etc. Shak. Passed midshipman. See under Midshipman.  -- To pass a dividend, to omit the declaration and payment of a dividend at the time when due.  -- To pass away, to spend; to waste. "Lest she pass away the flower of her age." Ecclus. xlii. 9.  -- To pass by. (a) To disregard; to neglect. (b) To excuse; to spare; to overlook.  -- To pass off, to impose fraudulently; to palm off. "Passed himself off as a bishop." Macaulay.  -- To pass (something) on or upon (some one), to put upon as a trick or cheat; to palm off. "She passed the child on her husband for a boy." Dryden.  -- To pass over, to overlook; not to note or resent; as, to pass over an affront.  PASS Pass, n. Etym: [Cf. F. pas (for sense 1), and passe, fr. passer to pass. See Pass, v. i.]  1. An opening, road, or track, available for passing; especially, one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier; a passageway; a defile; a ford; as, a mountain pass. "Try not the pass!" the old man said. Longfellow.  2. (Fencing)  Defn: A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary. Shak.  3. A movement of the hand over or along anything; the manipulation of a mesmerist.  4. (Rolling Metals)  Defn: A single passage of a bar, rail, sheet, etc., between the rolls.  5. State of things; condition; predicament. Have his daughters brought him to this pass. Shak. Matters have been brought to this pass. South.  6. Permission or license to pass, or to go and come; a psssport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission; as, a railroad or theater pass; a military pass. A ship sailing under the flag and pass of an enemy. Kent.  7. Fig.: a thrust; a sally of wit. Shak.  8. Estimation; character. [Obs.] Common speech gives him a worthy pass. Shak.  9. Etym: [Cf. Passus.]  Defn: A part; a division. [Obs.] Chaucer. Pass boat (Naut.), a punt, or similar boat.  -- Pass book. (a) A book in which a trader enters articles bought on credit, and then passes or sends it to the purchaser. (b) See Bank book.  -- Pass box (Mil.), a wooden or metallic box, used to carry cartridges from the service magazine to the piece.  -- Pass check, a ticket of admission to a place of entertainment, or of readmission for one who goes away in expectation of returning. 
premium   Pre"mi*um, n.; pl. Premiums. Etym: [L. praemium, originally, what one has got before or better than others; prae before + emere to take, buy. See Redeem.]  1. A reward or recompense; a prize to be won by being before another, or others, in a competition; reward or prize to be adjudged; a bounty; as, a premium for good behavior or scholarship, for discoveries, etc. To think it not the necessity, but the premium and privilege of life, to eat and sleep without any regard to glory. Burke. The law that obliges parishes to support the poor offers a premium for the encouragement of idleness. Franklin.  2. Something offered or given for the loan of money; bonus; -- sometimes synonymous with interest, but generally signifying a sum in addition to the capital. People were tempted to lend, by great premiums and large interest. Swift.  3. A sum of money paid to underwriters for insurance, or for undertaking to indemnify for losses of any kind.  4. A sum in advance of, or in addition to, the nominal or par value of anything; as, gold was at a premium; he sold his stock at a premium. 
whole   Whole, a. Etym: [OE. hole, hol, hal, hool, AS. hal well, sound, healthy; akin to OFries. & OS. h, D. heel, G. heil, Icel. heill, Sw. hel whole, Dan. heel, Goth. hails well, sound, OIr. c augury. Cf. Hale, Hail to greet, Heal to cure, Health, Holy.]  1. Containing the total amount, number, etc.; comprising all the parts; free from deficiency; all; total; entire; as, the whole earth; the whole solar system; the whole army; the whole nation. "On their whole host I flew unarmed." Milton. The whole race of mankind. Shak.  2. Complete; entire; not defective or imperfect; not broken or fractured; unimpaired; uninjured; integral; as, a whole orange; the egg is whole; the vessel is whole. My life is yet whole in me. 2 Sam. i. 9.  3. Possessing, or being in a state of, heath and soundness; healthy; sound; well. [She] findeth there her friends hole and sound. Chaucer. They that be whole need not a physician. Matt. ix. 12. When Sir Lancelot's deadly hurt was whole. Tennyson. Whole blood. (Law of Descent) See under Blood, n., 2.  -- Whole note (Mus.), the note which represents a note of longest duration in common use; a semibreve.  -- Whole number (Math.), a number which is not a fraction or mixed number; an integer. Whole snipe (Zoöl.), the common snipe, as distinguished from the smaller jacksnipe. [Prov. Eng.]  Syn.  -- All; total; complete; entire; integral; undivided; uninjured; unimpaired; unbroken; healthy.  -- Whole, Total, Entire, Complete. When we use the word whole, we refer to a thing as made up of parts, none of which are wanting; as, a whole week; a whole year; the whole creation. When we use the word total, we have reference to all as taken together, and forming a single totality; as, the total amount; the total income. When we speak of a thing as entire, we have no reference to parts at all, but regard the thing as an integer, i. e., continuous or unbroken; as, an entire year; entire prosperity. When we speak of a thing as complete, there is reference to some progress which results in a filling out to some end or object, or a perfected state with no deficiency; as, complete success; a complete victory. All the whole army stood agazed on him. Shak. One entire and perfect chrysolite. Shak. Lest total darkness should by night regain Her old possession, and extinguish life. Milton. So absolute she seems, And in herself complete. Milton.  WHOLE Whole, n.  1. The entire thing; the entire assemblage of parts; totality; all of a thing, without defect or exception; a thing complete in itself. "This not the whole of life to live, Nor all of death to die. J. Montgomery.  2. A regular combination of parts; a system. Parts answering parts shall slide into a whole. Pope. Committee of the whole. See under Committee.  -- Upon the whole, considering all things; taking everything into account; in view of all the circumstances or conditions.  Syn.  -- Totality; total; amount; aggregate; gross.  WHOLE-HOOFED Whole"-hoofed`, a.  Defn: Having an undivided hoof, as the horse.  WHOLE-LENGTH Whole"-length`, a.  Defn: Representing the whole figure; -- said of a picture or statue.  -- n.  Defn: A portrait or statue representing the whole figure. 
change   Change, v. t. [Imp. & p. p. Changed; p. pr. & vb. n. Changing.] Etym: [F. changer, fr. LL. cambiare, to exchange, barter, L. cambire. Cf. Cambial.]  1. To alter; to make different; to cause to pass from one state to another; as, to change the position, character, or appearance of a thing; to change the countenance. Therefore will I change their glory into shame. Hosea. iv. 7.  2. To alter by substituting something else for, or by giving up for something else; as, to change the clothes; to change one's occupation; to change one's intention. They that do change old love for new, Pray gods, they change for worse! Peele.  3. To give and take reciprocally; to exchange; -- followed by with; as, to change place, or hats, or money, with another. Look upon those thousands with whom thou wouldst not, for any interest, change thy fortune and condition. Jer. Taylor.  4. Specifically: To give, or receive, smaller denominations of money (technically called change) for; as, to change a gold coin or a bank bill. He pulled out a thirty-pound note and bid me change it. Goldsmith. To change a horse, or To change hand (Man.), to turn or bear the horse's head from one hand to the other, from the left to right, or from the right to the left.  -- To change hands, to change owners.  -- To change one's tune, to become less confident or boastful. [Colloq.] -- To change step, to take a break in the regular succession of steps, in marching or walking, as by bringing the hollow of one foot against the heel of the other, and then stepping off with the foot which is in advance.  Syn.  -- To alter; vary; deviate; substitute; innovate; diversify; shift; veer; turn. See Alter.  CHANGE Change, v. i.  1. To be altered; to undergo variation; as, men sometimes change for the better. For I am Lord, I change not. Mal. iii. 6.  2. To pass from one phase to another; as, the moon changes to-morrow night.  CHANGE Change, n. Etym: [F. change, fr. changer. See Change. v. t.]  1. Any variation or alteration; a passing from one state or form to another; as, a change of countenance; a change of habits or principles. Apprehensions of a change of dynasty. Hallam. All the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come. Job xiv. 14.  2. A succesion or substitution of one thing in the place of another; a difference; novelty; variety; as, a change of seasons. Our fathers did for change to France repair. Dryden. The ringing grooves of change. Tennyson.  3. A passing from one phase to another; as, a change of the moon.  4. Alteration in the order of a series; permutation.  5. That which makes a variety, or may be substituted for another. Thirty change (R.V. changes) of garments. Judg. xiv. 12.  6. Small money; the money by means of which the larger coins and bank bills are made available in small dealings; hence, the balance returned when payment is tendered by a coin or note exceeding the sum due.  7. Etym: [See Exchange.]  Defn: A place where merchants and others meet to transact business; a building appropriated for mercantile transactions. [Colloq. for Exchange.]  8. A public house; an alehouse. [Scot.] They call an alehouse a change. Burt.  9. (Mus.)  Defn: Any order in which a number of bells are struck, other than that of the diatonic scale. Four bells admit twenty-four changes in ringing. Holder. Change of life, the period in the life of a woman when menstruation and the capacity for conception cease, usually occurring between forty-five and fifty years of age.  -- Change ringing, the continual production, without repetition, of changes on bells, See def. 9. above.  -- Change wheel (Mech.), one of a set of wheels of different sizes and number of teeth, that may be changed or substituted one for another in machinery, to produce a different but definite rate of angular velocity in an axis, as in cutting screws, gear, etc.  -- To ring the changes on, to present the same facts or arguments in variety of ways.  Syn.  -- Variety; variation; alteration; mutation; transition; vicissitude; innovation; novelty; transmutation; revolution; reverse. 
island   Is"land, n. Etym: [OE. iland, yland, AS. igland, , ; ig, , island + land, lond, land. AS. ig, , is akin to AS. eá water, river, OHG. , G. au meadow, Icel. ey island, Dan. & Sw. ö, Goth. ahwa a stream, water, L. aqua water. The s is due to confusion with isle. Cf. Ait, Eyot, Ewer, Aquatic.]  1. A tract of land surrounded by water, and smaller than a continent. Cf. Continent.  2. Anything regarded as resembling an island; as, an island of ice.  3. (Zoöl.)  Defn: See Isle, n., 2. Islands of the blessed (Myth.), islands supposed to lie in the Western Ocean, where the favorites of the gods are conveyed at death, and dwell in everlasting joy.  ISLAND Is"land, v. t.  1. To cause to become or to resemble an island; to make an island or islands of; to isle. Shelley.  2. To furnish with an island or with islands; as, to island the deep. Southey. 
sudden   Sud"den, a. Etym: [OE. sodian, sodein, OF. sodain, sudain, F. soudain, L. subitaneus, fr. subitus sudden, that has come unexpectedly, p.p. of subire to come on, to steal upon; sub under, secretly + ire to go. See Issue, and cf. Subitaneous.]  1. Happening without previous notice or with very brief notice; coming unexpectedly, or without the common preparation; immediate; instant; speedy. "O sudden wo!" Chaucer. "For fear of sudden death." Shak. Sudden fear troubleth thee. Job xxii. 10.  2. Hastly prepared or employed; quick; rapid. Never was such a sudden scholar made. Shak. The apples of Asphaltis, appearing goodly to the sudden eye. Milton.  3. Hasty; violent; rash; precipitate. [Obs.] Shak.  Syn.  -- Unexpected; unusual; abrupt; unlooked-for.  -- Sud"den*ly, adv.  -- Sud"den*ness, n.  SUDDEN Sud"den, adv.  Defn: Suddenly; unexpectedly. [R.] Herbs of every leaf that sudden flowered. Milton.  SUDDEN Sud"den, n.  Defn: An unexpected occurrence; a surprise. All of a sudden, On a sudden, Of a sudden, sooner than was expected; without the usual preparation; suddenly. How art thou lost! how on a sudden lost! Milton. He withdrew his opposition all of a sudden. Thackeray. 
lick   Lick, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Licked; p. pr. & vb. n. Licking.] Etym: [AS. liccian; akin to OS. likk, D. likken, OHG. lecch, G. lecken, Goth. bi-laig, Russ. lizate, L. lingere, Gr. lih, rih. . Cf. Lecher, Relish.]  1. To draw or pass the tongue over; as, a dog licks his master's hand. Addison.  2. To lap; to take in with the tongue; as, a dog or cat licks milk. Shak. To lick the dust, to be slain; to fall in battle. "His enemies shall lick the dust." Ps. lxxii. 9.  -- To lick into shape, to give proper form to; -- from a notion that the bear's cubs are born shapeless and subsequently formed by licking. Hudibras.  -- To lick the spittle of, to fawn upon. South.  -- To lick up, to take all of by licking; to devour; to consume entirely. Shak. Num. xxii. 4.  LICK Lick, n. Etym: [See Lick, v.]  1. A stroke of the tongue in licking. "A lick at the honey pot." Dryden.  2. A quick and careless application of anything, as if by a stroke of the tongue, or of something which acts like a tongue; as, to put on colors with a lick of the brush. Also, a small quantity of any substance so applied. [Colloq.] A lick of court white wash. Gray.  3. A place where salt is found on the surface of the earth, to which wild animals resort to lick it up; -- often, but not always, near salt springs. [U. S.]  LICK Lick, v. t. Etym: [Cf. OSw. lägga to place, strike, prick.]  Defn: To strike with repeated blows for punishment; to flog; to whip or conquer, as in a pugilistic encounter. [Colloq. or Low] Carlyle. Thackeray.  LICK Lick, n.  Defn: A slap; a quick stroke.[Colloq.] "A lick across the face." Dryden. 
skate   Skate, n. Etym: [D. schaats. Cf. Scatches.]  Defn: A metallic runner with a frame shaped to fit the sole of a shoe, -- made to be fastened under the foot, and used for moving rapidly on ice. Batavia rushes forth; and as they sweep, On sounding skates, a thousand different ways, In circling poise, swift as the winds, along, The then gay land is maddended all to joy. Thomson. Roller skate. See under Roller.  SKATE Skate, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Skated; p. pr. & vb. n. Skating.]  Defn: To move on skates.  SKATE Skate, n. Etym: [Icel. skata; cf. Prov. G. schatten, meer-schatten, L. squatus, squatina, and E. shad.] (Zoöl.)  Defn: Any one of numerous species of large, flat elasmobranch fishes of the genus Raia, having a long, slender tail, terminated by a small caudal fin. The pectoral fins, which are large and broad and united to the sides of the body and head, give a somewhat rhombic form to these fishes. The skin is more or less spinose.  Note: Some of the species are used for food, as the European blue or gray skate (Raia batis), which sometimes weighs nearly 200 pounds. The American smooth, or barn-door, skate (R. lævis) is also a large species, often becoming three or four feet across. The common spiny skate (R. erinacea) is much smaller. Skate's egg. See Sea purse.  -- Skate sucker, any marine leech of the genus Pontobdella, parasitic on skates. 
lock   Lock, n. Etym: [AS. locc; akin to D. lok, G. locke, OHG. loc, Icel. lokkr, and perh. to Gr.  Defn: A tuft of hair; a flock or small quantity of wool, hay, or other like substance; a tress or ringlet of hair. These gray locks, the pursuivants of death. Shak.  LOCK Lock, n. Etym: [AS. loc inclosure, an inclosed place, the fastening of a door, fr. lucan to lock, fasten; akin to OS. lukan (in comp.), D. luiken, OHG. luhhan, Icel. l, Goth. lukan (in comp.); cf. Skr. ruj to break. Cf. Locket.]  1. Anything that fastens; specifically, a fastening, as for a door, a lid, a trunk, a drawer, and the like, in which a bolt is moved by a key so as to hold or to release the thing fastened.  2. A fastening together or interlacing; a closing of one thing upon another; a state of being fixed or immovable. Albemarle Street closed by a lock of carriages. De Quincey.  3. A place from which egress is prevented, as by a lock. Dryden.  4. The barrier or works which confine the water of a stream or canal.  5. An inclosure in a canal with gates at each end, used in raising or lowering boats as they pass from one level to another; -- called also lift lock.  6. That part or apparatus of a firearm by which the charge is exploded; as, a matchlock, flintlock, percussion lock, etc.  7. A device for keeping a wheel from turning.  8. A grapple in wrestling. Milton. Detector lock, a lock containing a contrivance for showing whether it as has been tampered with.  -- Lock bay (Canals), the body of water in a lock chamber.  -- Lock chamber, the inclosed space between the gates of a canal lock.  -- Lock nut. See Check nut, under Check.  -- Lock plate, a plate to which the mechanism of a gunlock is attached.  -- Lock rail (Arch.), in ordinary paneled doors, the rail nearest the lock. Lock rand (Masonry), a range of bond stone. Knight.  -- Mortise lock, a door lock inserted in a mortise.  -- Rim lock, a lock fastened to the face of a door, thus differing from a mortise lock.  LOCK Lock, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Locked; p. pr. & vb. n. Locking.]  1. To fasten with a lock, or as with a lock; to make fast; to prevent free movement of; as, to lock a door, a carriage wheel, a river, etc.  2. To prevent ingress or access to, or exit from, by fastening the lock or locks of; -- often with up; as, to lock or lock up, a house, jail, room, trunk. etc.  3. To fasten in or out, or to make secure by means of, or as with, locks; to confine, or to shut in or out -- often with up; as, to lock one's self in a room; to lock up the prisoners; to lock up one's silver; to lock intruders out of the house; to lock money into a vault; to lock a child in one's arms; to lock a secret in one's breast.  4. To link together; to clasp closely; as, to lock arms. " Lock hand in hand." Shak.  5. (Canals)  Defn: To furnish with locks; also, to raise or lower (a boat) in a lock.  6. (Fencing)  Defn: To seize, as the sword arm of an antagonist, by turning the left arm around it, to disarm him.  LOCK Lock, v. i.  Defn: To become fast, as by means of a lock or by interlacing; as, the door locks close. When it locked none might through it pass. Spenser. To lock into, to fit or slide into; as, they lock into each other. Boyle. 
phobic  
pumped  Word is not found.
camp   Camp, n. Etym: [F. camp, It. campo, fr. L. campus plant, fleld; akin to Gr. Campaing, Champ, n.]  1. The ground or spot on which tents, huts, etc., are erected for shelter, as for an army or for lumbermen, etc. Shzk.  2. A collection of tents, huts, etc., for shelter, commonly arranged in an orderly manner. Forming a camp in the neighborhood of Boston. W. Irving.  3. A single hut or shelter; as, a hunter's camp.  4. The company or body of persons encamped, as of soldiers, of surveyors, of lumbermen, etc. The camp broke up with the confusion of a flight. Macaulay.  5. (Agric.)  Defn: A mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored for protection against frost; -- called also burrow and pie. [Prov. Eng.]  6. Etym: [Cf. OE. & AS. camp contest, battle. See champion.]  Defn: An ancient game of football, played in some parts of England. Halliwell. Camp bedstead, a light bedstead that can be folded up onto a small space for easy transportation.  -- camp ceiling (Arch.), a kind ceiling often used in attics or garrets, in which the side walls are inclined inward at the top, following the slope of the rafters, to meet the plane surface of the upper ceiling.  -- Camp chair, a light chair that can be folded up compactly for easy transportation; the seat and back are often made of strips or pieces of carpet.  -- Camp fever, typhus fever.  -- Camp follower, a civilian accompanying an army, as a sutler, servant, etc.  -- Camp meeting, a religious gathering for open-air preaching, held in some retired spot, chiefty by Methodists. It usualy last for several days, during which those present lodge in tents, temporary houses, or cottages.  -- Camp stool, the same as camp chair, except that the stool has no back.  -- Flying camp (Mil.), a camp or body of troops formed for rapid motion from one place to another. Farrow.  -- To pitch (a) camp, to set up the tents or huts of a camp.  -- To strike camp, to take down the tents or huts of a camp.  CAMP Camp, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Camped; p. pr. & vb n. Camping.]  Defn: To afford rest or lodging for, as an army or travelers. Had our great palace the capacity To camp this host, we all would sup together. Shak.  CAMP Camp, v. i.  1. To pitch or prepare a camp; to encamp; to lodge in a camp; -- often with out. They camped out at night, under the stars. W. Irving.  2. Etym: [See Camp, n., 6]  Defn: To play the game called camp. [Prov. Eng.] Tusser. 
nappy   Nap"py, a. Etym: [From 1st Nap.]  1. Inclined to sleep; sleepy; as, to feel nappy.  2. Tending to cause sleepiness; serving to make sleepy; strong; heady; as, nappy ale. [Obs.] Wyatt.  NAPPY Nap"py, a. Etym: [From 3d Nap.]  Defn: Having a nap or pile; downy; shaggy. Holland.  NAPPY Nap"py, n.; pl. Nappies. Etym: [OE. nap, AS. hnæp cup, bowl. See Hanaper.]  Defn: A round earthen dish, with a flat bottom and sloping sides. [Written also nappie.]  NAP-TAKING Nap"-tak`ing, n.  Defn: A taking by surprise; an unexpected onset or attack. Carew. 
frame   Frame, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Framed; p. pr. & vb. n. Framing.] Etym: [OE. framen, fremen, to execute, build, AS. fremman to further, perform, effect, fr. fram strong, valiant; akin to E. foremost, and prob. to AS. fram from, Icel. fremja, frama, to further, framr forward, G. fromm worthy, excellent, pious. See Foremost, From, and cf. Furnish.]  1. (Arch. & Engin.)  Defn: To construct by fitting and uniting the several parts of the skeleton of any structure; specifically, in woodwork, to put together by cutting parts of one member to fit parts of another. See Dovetail, Halve, v. t., Miter, Tenon, Tooth, Tusk, Scarf, and Splice.  2. To originate; to plan; to devise; to contrive; to compose; in a bad sense, to invent or fabricate, as something false. How many excellent reasonings are framed in the mind of a man of wisdom and study in a length of years. I. Watts.  3. To fit to something else, or for some specific end; to adjust; to regulate; to shape; to conform. And frame my face to all occasions. Shak. We may in some measure frame our minds for the reception of happiness. Landor. The human mind is framed to be influenced. I. Taylor.  4. To cause; to bring about; to produce. [Obs.] Fear frames disorder, and disorder wounds. Shak.  5. To support. [Obs. & R.] That on a staff his feeble steps did frame. Spenser.  6. To provide with a frame, as a picture.  FRAME Frame, v. i.  1. To shape; to arrange, as the organs of speech. [Obs.] Judg. xii. 6.  2. To proceed; to go. [Obs.] The bauty of this sinful dame Made many princes thither frame. Shak.  FRAME Frame, n.  1. Anything composed of parts fitted and united together; a fabric; a structure; esp., the constructional system, whether of timber or metal, that gives to a building, vessel, etc., its model and strength; the skeleton of a structure. These are thy glorius works, Parent of good, Almighty! thine this universal frame. Milton.  2. The bodily structure; physical constitution; make or build of a person. Some bloody passion shakes your very frame. Shak. No frames could be strong enough to endure it. Prescott.  3. A kind of open case or structure made for admitting, inclosing, or supporting things, as that which incloses or contains a window, door, picture, etc.; that on which anything is held or stretched; as: (a) The skeleton structure which supports the boiler and machinery of a locomotive upon its wheels. (b) (Founding) A molding box or flask, which being filled with sand serves as a mold for castings. (c) The ribs and stretchers of an umbrella or other structure with a fabric covering. (d) A structure of four bars, adjustable in size, on which cloth, etc., is stretched for quilting, embroidery, etc. (e) (Hort.) A glazed portable structure for protecting young plants from frost. (f) (Print.) A stand to support the type cases for use by the compositor.  4. (Mach.)  Defn: A term applied, especially in England, to certain machines built upon or within framework; as, a stocking frame; lace frame; spinning frame, etc.  5. Form; shape; proportion; scheme; structure; constitution; system; as, a frameof government. She that hath a heart of that fine frame To pay this debt of love but to a brother. Shak. Put your discourse into some frame. Shak.  6. Particular state or disposition, as of the mind; humor; temper; mood; as, to be always in a happy frame.  7. Contrivance; the act of devising or scheming. [Obs.] John the bastard Whose spirits toil in frame of villainies. Shak. Balloon frame, Cant frames, etc. See under Balloon, Cant, etc.  -- Frame building or house, a building of which the form and support is made of framed timbers. [U.S.] -- Frame level, a mason's level.  -- Frame saw, a thin saw stretched in a frame to give it rigidity. 
correct   Cor*rect" (kr-rkt"), a. Etym: [L. correctus, p. p. of corrigere to make straight, to correct; cor- + regere to lead straight: cf. F. correct. See Regular, Right, and cf. Escort.]  Defn: Set right, or made straight; hence, conformable to truth, rectitude, or propriety, or to a just standard; nnot faulty or imperfect; free from error; as, correct behavior; correct views. Always use the most correct editions. Felton.  Syn.  -- Accurate; right, exact; precise; regular; faultless. See Accurate.  CORRECT Cor*rect", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Corrected; p. pr. & vb. n. Correcting.]  1. To make right; to bring to the standard of truth, justice, or propriety; to rectify; as, to correct manners or principles. This is a defect in the first make of same men's minds which can scarce ever be corrected afterwards. T. Burnet.  2. To remove or retrench the faults or errors of; to amend; to set right; as, to correct the proof (that is, to mark upon the margin the changes to be made, or to make in the type the changes so marked).  3. To bring back, or attempt to bring back, to propriety in morals; to reprove or punish for faults or deviations from moral rectitude; to chastise; to discipline; as, a child should be corrected for lying. My accuser is my 'prentice; and when I did correct him for his fault the other day, he did vow upon his knees he would be even with me. Shak.  4. To counteract the qualities of one thing by those of another; -- said of whatever is wrong or injurious; as, to correct the acidity of the stomach by alkaline preparations.  Syn.  -- To amend; rectify; emend; reform; improve; chastise; punish; discipline; chasten. See Amend.  CORRECTIBLE; CORRECTABLE Cor*rect"i*ble (-rk"t-b'l), Cor*rect"a*ble (-rk"t-b'l), a.  Defn: Capable of being corrected. 
capable   Ca"pa*ble, a. Etym: [F. capable, LL. capabilis capacious, capable, fr. L. caper to take, contain. See Heave.]  1. Possessing ability, qualification, or susceptibility; having capacity; of sufficient size or strength; as, a room capable of holding a large number; a castle capable of resisting a long assault. Concious of jou and capable of pain. Prior.  2. Possessing adequate power; qualified; able; fully competent; as, a capable instructor; a capable judge; a mind capable of nice investigations. More capable to discourse of battles than to give them. Motley.  3. Possessing legal power or capacity; as, a man capable of making a contract, or a will.  4. Capacious; large; comprehensive. [Obs.] Shak.  Note: Capable is usually followed by of, sometimes by an infinitive.  Syn.  -- Able; competent; qualified; fitted; efficient; effective; skillful. 
roll   Roll, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Rolled; p. pr. & vb. n. Rolling.] Etym: [OF. roeler, roler, F. rouler, LL. rotulare, fr. L. royulus, rotula, a little wheel, dim. of rota wheel; akin to G. rad, and to Skr. ratha car, chariot. Cf. Control, Roll, n., Rotary.]  1. To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface; as, to roll a wheel, a ball, or a barrel.  2. To wrap round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over; as, to roll a sheet of paper; to roll parchment; to roll clay or putty into a ball.  3. To bind or involve by winding, as in a bandage; to inwrap; -- often with up; as, to roll up a parcel.  4. To drive or impel forward with an easy motion, as of rolling; as, a river rolls its waters to the ocean. The flood of Catholic reaction was rolled over Europe. J. A. Symonds.  5. To utter copiously, esp. with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; -- often with forth, or out; as, to roll forth some one's praises; to roll out sentences. Who roll'd the psalm to wintry skies. Tennyson.  6. To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll, roller, or rollers; as, to roll a field; to roll paste; to roll steel rails, etc.  7. To move, or cause to be moved, upon, or by means of, rollers or small wheels.  8. To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon.  9. (Geom.)  Defn: To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in suck manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal.  10. To turn over in one's mind; to revolve. Full oft in heart he rolleth up and down The beauty of these florins new and bright. Chaucer. To roll one's self, to wallow.  -- To roll the eye, to direct its axis hither and thither in quick succession.  -- To roll one's r's, to utter the letter r with a trill. [Colloq.]  ROLL Roll, v. i.  1. To move, as a curved object may, along a surface by rotation without sliding; to revolve upon an axis; to turn over and over; as, a ball or wheel rolls on the earth; a body rolls on an inclined plane. And her foot, look you, is fixed upon a spherical stone, which rolls, and rolls, and rolls. Shak.  2. To move on wheels; as, the carriage rolls along the street. "The rolling chair." Dryden.  3. To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball; as, the cloth rolls unevenly; the snow rolls well.  4. To fall or tumble; -- with over; as, a stream rolls over a precipice.  5. To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution; as, the rolling year; ages roll away.  6. To turn; to move circularly. And his red eyeballs roll with living fire. Dryden.  7. To move, as waves or billows, with alternate swell and depression. What different sorrows did within thee roll. Prior.  8. To incline first to one side, then to the other; to rock; as, there is a great difference in ships about rolling; in a general semse, to be tossed about. Twice ten tempestuous nights I rolled. Pope.  9. To turn over, or from side to side, while lying down; to wallow; as, a horse rolls.  10. To spread under a roller or rolling-pin; as, the paste rolls well.  11. To beat a drum with strokes so rapid that they can scarcely be distinguished by the ear.  12. To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise; as, the thunder rolls. To roll about, to gad abroad. [Obs.] Man shall not suffer his wife go roll about. Chaucer.  ROLL Roll, n. Etym: [F. rôle a roll (in sense 3), fr. L. rotulus little wheel, LL., a roll, dim. of L. rota a wheel. See Roll, v., and cf. Rôle, Rouleau, Roulette.]  1. The act of rolling, or state of being rolled; as, the roll of a ball; the roll of waves.  2. That which rolls; a roller. Specifically: (a) A heavy cylinder used to break clods. Mortimer. (b) One of a set of revolving cylinders, or rollers, between which metal is pressed, formed, or smoothed, as in a rolling mill; as, to pass rails through the rolls.  3. That which is rolled up; as, a roll of fat, of wool, paper, cloth, etc. Specifically: (a) A document written on a piece of parchment, paper, or other materials which may be rolled up; a scroll. Busy angels spread The lasting roll, recording what we say. Prior.  (b) Hence, an official or public document; a register; a record; also, a catalogue; a list. The rolls of Parliament, the entry of the petitions, answers, and transactions in Parliament, are extant. Sir M. Hale. The roll and list of that army doth remain. Sir J. Davies.  (c) A quantity of cloth wound into a cylindrical form; as, a roll of carpeting; a roll of ribbon. (d) A cylindrical twist of tobacco.  4. A kind of shortened raised biscuit or bread, often rolled or doubled upon itself.  5. (Naut.)  Defn: The oscillating movement of a vessel from side to side, in sea way, as distinguished from the alternate rise and fall of bow and stern called pitching.  6. A heavy, reverberatory sound; as, the roll of cannon, or of thunder.  7. The uniform beating of a drum with strokes so rapid as scarcely to be distinguished by the ear.  8. Part; office; duty; rôle. [Obs.] L'Estrange. Long roll (Mil.), a prolonged roll of the drums, as the signal of an attack by the enemy, and for the troops to arrange themselves in line.  -- Master of the rolls. See under Master.  -- Roll call, the act, or the time, of calling over a list names, as among soldiers.  -- Rolls of court, of parliament (or of any public body), the parchments or rolls on which the acts and proceedings of that body are engrossed by the proper officer, and which constitute the records of such public body.  -- To call the roll, to call off or recite a list or roll of names of persons belonging to an organization, in order to ascertain who are present or to obtain responses from those present.  Syn.  -- List; schedule; catalogue; register; inventory. See List. 
telling   Tell"ing, a.  Defn: Operating with great effect; effective; as, a telling speech.  -- Tell"ing*ly, adv. 
competition   Com`pe*ti"tion, n. Etym: [L. competitio. See Conpete.]  Defn: The act of seeking, or endevearing to gain, what another is endeavoring to gain at the same time; common strife for the same objects; strife for superiority; emulous contest; rivalry, as for approbation, for a prize, or as where two or more persons are engaged in the same business and each seeking patronage; -- followed by for before the object sought, and with before the person or thing competed with. Competition to the crown there is none, nor can be. Bacon. A portrait, with which one of Titian's could not come in competititon. Dryden. There is no competition but for the second place. Dryden. Where competition does not act at all there is complete monopoly. A. T. Hadley.  Syn.  -- Emulation; rivalry; rivalship; contest; struggle; contention; opposition; jealousy. See Emulation. 
throne   Throne, n. Etym: [OE. trone, F. trône, L. thronus, Gr. dharansa supporting, dhrs to hold fast, carry, and E. firm, a.]  1. A chair of state, commonly a royal seat, but sometimes the seat of a prince, bishop, or other high dignitary. The noble king is set up in his throne. Chaucer. High on a throne of royal state. Milton.  2. Hence, sovereign power and dignity; also, the one who occupies a throne, or is invested with sovereign authority; an exalted or dignified personage. Only in the throne will I be greater than thou. Gen. xli. 40. To mold a mighty state's decrees, And shape the whisper of the throne. Tennyson.  3. pl.  Defn: A high order of angels in the celestial hierarchy; -- a meaning given by the schoolmen. Milton. Great Sire! whom thrones celestial ceaseless sing. Young.  THRONE Throne, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Throned; p. pr. & vb. n. Throning.]  1. To place on a royal seat; to enthrone. Shak.  2. To place in an elevated position; to give sovereignty or dominion to; to exalt. True image of the Father, whether throned In the bosom of bliss, and light of light. Milton.  THRONE Throne, v. i.  Defn: To be in, or sit upon, a throne; to be placed as if upon a throne. Shak. 
aboriginal   Ab`o*rig"i*nal, a. Etym: [See Aborigines.]  1. First; original; indigenous; primitive; native; as, the aboriginal tribes of America. "Mantled o'er with aboriginal turf." Wordsworth.  2. Of or pertaining to aborigines; as, a Hindoo of aboriginal blood.  ABORIGINAL Ab`o*rig"i*nal, n.  1. An original inhabitant of any land; one of the aborigines.  2. An animal or a plant native to the region. It may well be doubted whether this frog is an aboriginal of these islands. Darwin. 
addition   Ad*di"tion, n. Etym: [F. addition, L. additio, fr. addere to add.]  1. The act of adding two or more things together; -- opposed to subtraction or diminution. "This endless addition or addibility of numbers." Locke.  2. Anything added; increase; augmentation; as, a piazza is an addition to a building.  3. (Math.)  Defn: That part of arithmetic which treats of adding numbers.  4. (Mus.)  Defn: A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half. [R.]  5. (Law)  Defn: A title annexed to a man's name, to identify him more precisely; as, John Doe, Esq.; Richard Roe, Gent.; Robert Dale, Mason; Thomas Way, of New York; a mark of distinction; a title.  6. (Her.)  Defn: Something added to a coat of arms, as a mark of honor; -- opposed to abatement. Vector addition (Geom.), that kind of addition of two lines, or vectors, AB and BC, by which their sum is regarded as the line, or vector, AC.  Syn.  -- Increase; accession; augmentation; appendage; adjunct. 
smash   Smash, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Smashed (; p. pr. & vb. n. Smashing.] Etym: [Cf. Sw. smisk a blow, stroke, smiska to strike, dial. Sw. smaske to kiss with a noise, and E. smack a loud kiss, a slap.]  Defn: To break in pieces by violence; to dash to pieces; to crush. Here everything is broken and smashed to pieces. Burke.  SMASH Smash, v. i.  Defn: To break up, or to pieces suddenly, as the result of collision or pressure.  SMASH Smash, n.  1. A breaking or dashing to pieces; utter destruction; wreck.  2. Hence, bankruptcy. [Colloq.] 
geese  Word is not found.
field   Field, n. Etym: [OE. feld, fild, AS. feld; akin to D. veld, G. feld, Sw. fält, Dan. felt, Icel. fold field of grass, AS. folde earth, land, ground, OS. folda.]  1. Cleared land; land suitable for tillage or pasture; cultivated ground; the open country.  2. A piece of land of considerable size; esp., a piece inclosed for tillage or pasture. Fields which promise corn and wine. Byron.  3. A place where a battle is fought; also, the battle itself. In this glorious and well-foughten field. Shak. What though the field be lost Milton.  4. An open space; an extent; an expanse. Esp.: (a) Any blank space or ground on which figures are drawn or projected. (b) The space covered by an optical instrument at one view. Without covering, save yon field of stars. Shak. Ask of yonder argent fields above. Pope.  5. (Her.)  Defn: The whole surface of an escutcheon; also, so much of it is shown unconcealed by the different bearings upon it. See Illust. of Fess, where the field is represented as gules (red), while the fess is argent (silver).  6. An unresticted or favorable opportunity for action, operation, or achievement; province; room. Afforded a clear field for moral experiments. Macaulay.  7. A collective term for all the competitors in any outdoor contest or trial, or for all except the favorites in the betting.  8. (Baseball)  Defn: That part of the grounds reserved for the players which is outside of the diamond; -- called also outfield.  Note: Field is often used adjectively in the sense of belonging to, or used in, the fields; especially with reference to the operations and equipments of an army during a campaign away from permanent camps and fortifications. In most cases such use of the word is sufficiently clear; as, field battery; field fortification; field gun; field hospital, etc. A field geologist, naturalist, etc., is one who makes investigations or collections out of doors. A survey uses a field book for recording field notes, i.e., measurment, observations, etc., made in field work (outdoor operations). A farmer or planter employs field hands, and may use a field roller or a field derrick. Field sports are hunting, fishing, athletic games, etc. Coal field (Geol.) See under Coal.  -- Field artillery, light ordnance mounted on wheels, for the use of a marching army.  -- Field basil (Bot.), a plant of the Mint family (Calamintha Acinos); -- called also basil thyme.  -- Field colors (Mil.), small flags for marking out the positions for squadrons and battalions; camp colors.  -- Field cricket (Zoöl.), a large European cricket (Gryllus campestric), remarkable for its loud notes.  -- Field day. (a) A day in the fields. (b) (Mil.) A day when troops are taken into the field for instruction in evolutions. Farrow. (c) A day of unusual exertion or display; a gala day.  -- Field driver, in New England, an officer charged with the driving of stray cattle to the pound.  -- Field duck (Zoöl.), the little bustard (Otis tetrax), found in Southern Europe.  -- Field glass. (Optics) (a) A binocular telescope of compact form; a lorgnette; a race glass. (b) A small achromatic telescope, from 20 to 24 inches long, and having 3 to 6 draws. (c) See Field lens.  -- Field lark. (Zoöl.) (a) The skylark. (b) The tree pipit.  -- Field lens (Optics), that one of the two lenses forming the eyepiece of an astronomical telescope or compound microscope which is nearer the object glass; -- called also field glass.  -- Field madder (Bot.), a plant (Sherardia arvensis) used in dyeing.  -- Field marshal (Mil.), the highest military rank conferred in the British and other European armies.  -- Field mouse (Zoöl.), a mouse inhabiting fields, as the campagnol and the deer mouse. See Campagnol, and Deer mouse.  -- Field officer (Mil.), an officer above the rank of captain and below that of general.  -- Field officer's court (U.S.Army), a court-martial consisting of one field officer empowered to try all cases, in time of war, subject to jurisdiction of garrison and regimental courts. Farrow.  -- Field plover (Zoöl.), the black-bellied plover (Charadrius squatarola); also sometimes applied to the Bartramian sandpiper (Bartramia longicauda).  -- Field spaniel (Zoöl.), a small spaniel used in hunting small game.  -- Field sparrow. (Zoöl.) (a) A small American sparrow (Spizella pusilla). (b) The hedge sparrow. [Eng.] -- Field staff (Mil.), a staff formerly used by gunners to hold a lighted match for discharging a gun.  -- Field vole (Zoöl.), the European meadow mouse.  -- Field of ice, a large body of floating ice; a pack.  -- Field, or Field of view, in a telescope or microscope, the entire space within which objects are seen.  -- Field magnet. see under Magnet.  -- Magnetic field. See Magnetic.  -- To back the field, or To bet on the field. See under Back, v. t.  -- To keep the field. (a) (Mil.) To continue a campaign. (b) To maintain one's ground against all comers.  -- To lay, or back, against the field, to bet on (a horse, etc.) against all comers.  -- To take the field (Mil.), to enter upon a campaign.  FIELD Field, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Fielded; p. pr. & vb. n. Fielding.]  1. To take the field. [Obs.] Spenser.  2. (Ball Playing)  Defn: To stand out in the field, ready to catch, stop, or throw the ball.  FIELD Field, v. t. (Ball Playing)  Defn: To catch, stop, throw, etc. (the ball), as a fielder. 
pretend   Pre*tend", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Pretended; p. pr. & vb. n. Pretending.] Etym: [OE. pretenden to lay claim to, F. prétendre, L. praetendere, praetentum, to stretch forward, pretend, simulate, assert; prae before + tendere to stretch. See Tend, v. t. ]  1. To lay a claim to; to allege a title to; to claim. Chiefs shall be grudged the part which they pretend. Dryden.  2. To hold before, or put forward, as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden. [R.] Lest that too heavenly form, pretended To hellish falsehood, snare them. Milton.  3. To hold out, or represent, falsely; to put forward, or offer, as true or real (something untrue or unreal); to show hypocritically, or for the purpose of deceiving; to simulate; to feign; as, to pretend friendship. This let him know, Lest, willfully transgressing, he pretend Surprisal. Milton.  4. To intend; to design; to plot; to attempt. [Obs.] Such as shall pretend Malicious practices against his state. Shak.  5. To hold before one; to extend. [Obs.] "His target always over her pretended." Spenser.  PRETEND Pre*tend", v. i.  1. To put in, or make, a claim, truly or falsely; to allege a title; to lay claim to, or strive after, something; -- usually with to. "Countries that pretend to freedom." Swift. For to what fine he would anon pretend, That know I well. Chaucer.  2. To hold out the appearance of being, possessing, or performing; to profess; to make believe; to feign; to sham; as, to pretend to be asleep. "[He] pretended to drink the waters." Macaulay. 
son   Son, n. Etym: [OE. sone, sune, AS. sunu; akin to D. zoon, OS., OFries., & OHG. sunu, G. sohn, Icel. sonr, Sw. son, Dan. sön, Goth. sunus, Lith. sunus, Russ. suin', Skr. sunu (from su to beget, to bear), and Gr. Sow, n.]  1. A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother. Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son. Gen. xxi. 2.  2. A male descendant, however distant; hence, in the plural, descendants in general. I am the son of the wise, the son of ancient kings. Isa. xix. 11. I am the Lord, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. Mal. iii. 6.  3. Any young male person spoken of as a child; an adopted male child; a pupil, ward, or any other male dependent. The child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. Ex. ii. 10. Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift. Shak.  4. A native or inhabitant of some specified place; as, sons of Albion; sons of New England.  5. The produce of anything. Earth's tall sons, the cedar, oak, and pine. Blackmore.  6. (Commonly with the def. article)  Defn: Jesus Christ, the Savior; -- called the Son of God, and the Son of man. We . . . do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Savior of the world. 1 John iv. 14. Who gave His Son sure all has given. Keble.  Note: The expressions son of pride, sons of light, son of Belial, are Hebraisms, which denote persons possessing the qualitites of pride, of light, or of Belial, as children inherit the qualities of their ancestors. Sons of the prophets. See School of the prophets, under Prophet. 
bird   Bird, n. Etym: [OE. brid, bred, bird, young bird, bird, AS. bridd young bird.  1. Orig., a chicken; the young of a fowl; a young eaglet; a nestling; and hence, a feathered flying animal (see 2). That ungentle gull, the cuckoo's bird. Shak. The brydds [birds] of the aier have nestes. Tyndale (Matt. viii. 20).  2. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A warm-blooded, feathered vertebrate provided with wings. See Aves.  3. Specifically, among sportsmen, a game bird.  4. Fig.: A girl; a maiden. And by my word! the bonny bird In danger shall not tarry. Campbell. Arabian bird, the phenix.  -- Bird of Jove, the eagle.  -- Bird of Juno, the peacock.  -- Bird louse (Zoöl.), a wingless insect of the group Mallophaga, of which the genera and species are very numerous and mostly parasitic upon birds.  -- Bird mite (Zoöl.), a small mite (genera Dermanyssus, Dermaleichus and allies) parasitic upon birds. The species are numerous.  -- Bird of passage, a migratory bird.  -- Bird spider (Zoöl.), a very large South American spider (Mygale avicularia). It is said sometimes to capture and kill small birds.  -- Bird tick (Zoöl.), a dipterous insect parasitic upon birds (genus Ornithomyia, and allies), usually winged.  BIRD Bird, v. i.  1. To catch or shoot birds.  2. Hence: To seek for game or plunder; to thieve. [R.] B. Jonson. 
occur   Oc*cur", v. i. [imp. & p. p. Occurred(); p. pr. & vb. n. Occurring.] Etym: [L. occurrere, occursum; ob (see Ob-) + currere to run. See Course.]  1. To meet; to clash. [Obs.] The resistance of the bodies they occur with. Bentley.  2. To go in order to meet; to make reply. [Obs.] I must occur to one specious objection. Bentley.  3. To meet one's eye; to be found or met with; to present itself; to offer; to appear; to happen; to take place; as, I will write if opportunity occurs. In Scripture, though the word heir occur, yet there is no such thing as "heir" in our author's sense. Locke.  4. To meet or come to the mind; to suggest itself; to be presented to the imagination or memory. There doth not occur to me any use of this experiment for profit. Bacon. 
adjustment   Ad*just"ment, n. Etym: [Cf. F. ajustement. See Adjust.]  1. The act of adjusting, or condition of being adjusted; act of bringing into proper relations; regulation. Success depends on the nicest and minutest adjustment of the parts concerned. Paley.  2. (Law)  Defn: Settlement of claims; an equitable arrangement of conflicting claims, as in set-off, contribution, exoneration, subrogation, and marshaling. Bispham.  3. The operation of bringing all the parts of an instrument, as a microscope or telescope, into their proper relative position for use; the condition of being thus adjusted; as, to get a good adjustment; to be in or out of adjustment.  Syn.  -- Suiting; fitting; arrangement; regulation; settlement; adaptation; disposition. 
uncle   Un"cle, n. Etym: [OE. uncle, OF. oncle, uncle, F. oncle, fr. L. avunculus a maternal uncle, dim. of avus a grandfather; akin to Lith. avynas uncle, Goth. aw grandmother, Icel. ai great grandfather.]  1. The brother of one's father or mother; also applied to an aunt's husband; -- the correlative of aunt in sex, and of nephew and niece in relationship.  2. A pawnbroker. [Slang] Thackeray. My uncle, a pawnbroker. [Slang] - - Uncle Sam, a humorous appellation given to the United States Government. See Uncle Sam, in Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction. 
van   Van, n. Etym: [Abbrev. fr. vanguard.]  Defn: The front of an army; the first line or leading column; also, the front line or foremost division of a fleet, either in sailing or in battle. Standards and gonfalons, twixt van and rear, Stream in the air. Milton.  VAN Van, n. Etym: [Cornish.] (Mining)  Defn: A shovel used in cleansing ore.  VAN Van, v. t. (Mining)  Defn: To wash or cleanse, as a small portion of ore, on a shovel. Raymond.  VAN Van, n. Etym: [Abbreviated from caravan.]  1. A light wagon, either covered or open, used by tradesmen and others fore the transportation of goods. [Eng.]  2. A large covered wagon for moving furniture, etc., also for conveying wild beasts, etc., for exhibition.  3. A close railway car for baggage. See the Note under Car, 2. [Eng.]  VAN Van, n. Etym: [L. vannus a van, or fan for winnowing grain: cf. F. van. Cf. Fan, Van a wing Winnow.]  1. A fan or other contrivance, as a sieve, for winnowing grain.  2. Etym: [OF. vanne, F. vanneau beam feather (cf. It. vanno a wing) fr. L. vannus. See Etymology above.]  Defn: A wing with which the air is beaten. [Archaic] "[/Angels] on the air plumy vans received him. " Milton. He wheeled in air, and stretched his vans in vain; His vans no longer could his flight sustain. Dryden.  VAN Van, v. t. Etym: [Cf. F. vanner to winnow, to fan. See Van a winnowing machine.]  Defn: To fan, or to cleanse by fanning; to winnow. [Obs.] Bacon. 
racial   Ra"cial, a.  Defn: Of or pertaining to a race or family of men; as, the racial complexion. 
dolls  Word is not found.
historical  
pin   Pin, v. t. (Metal Working)  Defn: To peen.  PIN Pin, v. t. Etym: [Cf. Pen to confine, or Pinfold.]  Defn: To inclose; to confine; to pen; to pound.  PIN Pin, n. Etym: [OE. pinne, AS. pinn a pin, peg; cf. D. pin, G. pinne, Icel. pinni, W. pin, Gael. & Ir. pinne; all fr. L. pinna a pinnacle, pin, feather, perhaps orig. a different word from pinna feather. Cf. Fin of a fish, Pen a feather.]  1. A piece of wood, metal, etc., generally cylindrical, used for fastening separate articles together, or as a support by which one article may be suspended from another; a peg; a bolt. With pins of adamant And chains they made all fast. Milton.  2. Especially, a small, pointed and headed piece of brass or other wire (commonly tinned), largely used for fastening clothes, attaching papers, etc.  3. Hence, a thing of small value; a trifle. He . . . did not care a pin for her. Spectator.  4. That which resembles a pin in its form or use; as: (a) A peg in musical instruments, for increasing or relaxing the tension of the strings. (b) A linchpin. (c) A rolling-pin. (d) A clothespin. (e) (Mach.) A short shaft, sometimes forming a bolt, a part of which serves as a journal. See Illust. of Knuckle joint, under Knuckle. (f) (Joinery) The tenon of a dovetail joint.  5. One of a row of pegs in the side of an ancient drinking cup to mark how much each man should drink.  6. The bull's eye, or center, of a target; hence, the center. [Obs.] "The very pin of his heart cleft." Shak.  7. Mood; humor. [Obs.] "In merry pin." Cowper.  8. (Med.)  Defn: Caligo. See Caligo. Shak.  9. An ornament, as a brooch or badge, fastened to the clothing by a pin; as, a Masonic pin.  10. The leg; as, to knock one off his pins. [Slang] Banking pin (Horol.), a pin against which a lever strikes, to limit its motion.  -- Pin drill (Mech.), a drill with a central pin or projection to enter a hole, for enlarging the hole, or for sinking a recess for the head of a bolt, etc.; a counterbore.  -- Pin grass. (Bot.) See Alfilaria.  -- Pin hole, a small hole made by a pin; hence, any very small aperture or perforation.  -- Pin lock, a lock having a cylindrical bolt; a lock in which pins, arranged by the key, are used instead of tumblers.  -- Pin money, an allowance of money, as that made by a husband to his wife, for private and personal expenditure.  -- Pin rail (Naut.), a rail, usually within the bulwarks, to hold belaying pins. Sometimes applied to the fife rail. Called also pin rack.  -- Pin wheel. (a) A contrate wheel in which the cogs are cylindrical pins. (b) (Fireworks) A small coil which revolves on a common pin and makes a wheel of yellow or colored fire.  PIN Pin, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Pinned; p. pr. & vb. n. Pinning.] Etym: [See Pin, n.]  Defn: To fasten with, or as with, a pin; to join; as, to pin a garment; to pin boards together. "Aa if she would pin her to her heart." Shak. To pin one's faith upon, to depend upon; to trust to.  PINACATE BUG Pin`a*ca"te bug. [Orig. uncert.]  Defn: Any of several clumsy, wingless beetles of the genus Eleodes, found in the Pacific States.  PINA CLOTH; PINYA CLOTH Pi"ña cloth`.  Defn: A fine material for ladies' shawls, scarfs, handkerchiefs, etc., made from the fiber of the pineapple leaf, and perhaps from other fibrous tropical leaves. It is delicate, soft, and transparent, with a slight tinge of pale yellow. 
disapprove   Dis`ap*prove, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Disapproved; p. pr. & vb. n. Disapproving.] Etym: [Pref. dis- + approve: cf. F. déapprouver. Cf. Disapprobation.]  1. To pass unfavorable judgment upon; to condemn by an act of the judgment; to regard as wrong, unsuitable, or inexpedient; to censure; as, to disapprove the conduct of others.  2. To refuse official approbation to; to disallow; to decline to sanction; as, the sentence of the court-martial was disapproved by the commander in chief.  Note: This verb is often followed by of; as, to disapprove of an opinion, of such conduct. See Approve. 
airplane  
weather   Weath"er, n. Etym: [OE. weder, AS. weder; akin to OS. wedar, OFries. weder, D. weder, weêr, G. wetter, OHG. wetar, Icel. veedhr, Dan. veir, Sw. väder wind, air, weather, and perhaps to OSlav. vedro fair weather; or perhaps to Lith. vetra storm, Russ. vieter', vietr', wind, and E. wind. Cf. Wither.]  1. The state of the air or atmosphere with respect to heat or cold, wetness or dryness, calm or storm, clearness or cloudiness, or any other meteorological phenomena; meteorological condition of the atmosphere; as, warm weather; cold weather; wet weather; dry weather, etc. Not amiss to cool a man's stomach this hot weather. Shak. Fair weather cometh out of the north. Job xxxvii. 22.  2. Vicissitude of season; meteorological change; alternation of the state of the air. Bacon.  3. Storm; tempest. What gusts of weather from that gathering cloud My thoughts presage! Dryden.  4. A light rain; a shower. [Obs.] Wyclif. Stress of weather, violent winds; force of tempests.  -- To make fair weather, to flatter; to give flattering representations. [R.] -- To make good, or bad, weather (Naut.), to endure a gale well or ill; -- said of a vessel. Shak.  -- Under the weather, ill; also, financially embarrassed. [Colloq. U. S.] Bartlett.  -- Weather box. Same as Weather house, below. Thackeray.  -- Weather breeder, a fine day which is supposed to presage foul weather.  -- Weather bureau, a popular name for the signal service. See Signal service, under Signal, a. [U.S.] -- Weather cloth (Naut.), a long piece of canvas of tarpaulin used to preserve the hammocks from injury by the weather when stowed in the nettings.  -- Weather door. (Mining) See Trapdoor, 2.  -- Weather gall. Same as Water gall, 2. [Prov. Eng.] Halliwell.  -- Weather house, a mechanical contrivance in the form of a house, which indicates changes in atmospheric conditions by the appearance or retirement of toy images. Peace to the artist whose ingenious thought Devised the weather house, that useful toy! Cowper. -- Weather molding, or Weather moulding (Arch.), a canopy or cornice over a door or a window, to throw off the rain.  -- Weather of a windmill sail, the obliquity of the sail, or the angle which it makes with its plane of revolution.  -- Weather report, a daily report of meteorological observations, and of probable changes in the weather; esp., one published by government authority.  -- Weather spy, a stargazer; one who foretells the weather. [R.] Donne.  -- Weather strip (Arch.), a strip of wood, rubber, or other material, applied to an outer door or window so as to cover the joint made by it with the sill, casings, or threshold, in order to exclude rain, snow, cold air, etc.  WEATHER Weath"er, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Weathered; p. pr. & vb. n. Weathering.]  1. To expose to the air; to air; to season by exposure to air. [An eagle] soaring through his wide empire of the air To weather his broad sails. Spenser. This gear lacks weathering. Latimer.  2. Hence, to sustain the trying effect of; to bear up against and overcome; to sustain; to endure; to resist; as, to weather the storm. For I can weather the roughest gale. Longfellow. You will weather the difficulties yet. F. W. Robertson.  3. (Naut.)  Defn: To sail or pass to the windward of; as, to weather a cape; to weather another ship.  4. (Falconry)  Defn: To place (a hawk) unhooded in the open air. Encyc. Brit. To weather a point. (a) (Naut.) To pass a point of land, leaving it on the lee side. (b) Hence, to gain or accomplish anything against opposition.  -- To weather out, to encounter successfully, though with difficulty; as, to weather out a storm.  WEATHER Weath"er, v. i.  Defn: To undergo or endure the action of the atmosphere; to suffer meteorological influences; sometimes, to wear away, or alter, under atmospheric influences; to suffer waste by weather. The organisms . . . seem indestructible, while the hard matrix in which they are imbedded has weathered from around them. H. Miller.  WEATHER Weath"er, a. (Naut.)  Defn: Being toward the wind, or windward -- opposed to lee; as, weather bow, weather braces, weather gauge, weather lifts, weather quarter, weather shrouds, etc. Weather gauge. (a) (Naut.) The position of a ship to the windward of another. (b) Fig.: A position of advantage or superiority; advantage in position. To veer, and tack, and steer a cause Against the weather gauge of laws. Hudibras. -- Weather helm (Naut.), a tendency on the part of a sailing vessel to come up into the wind, rendering it necessary to put the helm up, that is, toward the weather side.  -- Weather shore (Naut.), the shore to the windward of a ship. Totten.  -- Weather tide (Naut.), the tide which sets against the lee side of a ship, impelling her to the windward. Mar. Dict.  WEATHER-BEATEN Weath"er-beat`en, a.  Defn: Beaten or harassed by the weather; worn by exposure to the weather, especially to severe weather. Shak.  WEATHER-BIT Weath"er-bit`, n. (Naut.)  Defn: A turn of the cable about the end of the windlass, without the bits. 
tightfisted  
daily   Dai"ly, a. Etym: [AS. dæglic; dæg day + -lic like. See Day.]  Defn: Happening, or belonging to, each successive day; diurnal; as, daily labor; a daily bulletin. Give us this day our daily bread. Matt. vi. 11. Bunyan has told us . . . that in New England his dream was the daily subject of the conversation of thousands. Macaulay.  Syn.  -- Daily, Diurnal. Daily is Anglo-Saxon, and diurnal is Latin. The former is used in reference to the ordinary concerns of life; as, daily wants, daily cares, daily employments. The latter is appropriated chiefly by astronomers to what belongs to the astronomical day; as, the diurnal revolution of the earth. Man hath his daily work of body or mind Appointed, which declares his dignity, And the regard of Heaven on all his ways. Milton. Half yet remains unsung, but narrower bound Within the visible diurnal sphere. Milton.  DAILY Dai"ly, n.; pl. Dailies (.  Defn: A publication which appears regularly every day; as, the morning dailies.  DAILY Dai"ly, adv.  Defn: Every day; day by day; as, a thing happens daily. 
worried  
paint   Paint, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Painted; p. pr. & vb. n. Painting.] Etym: [OE. peinten, fr. F. peint, p. p. opeindre to paint, fr. L. pingere, pictum; cf. Gr. many-colored, Skr. pic to adorn. Cf. Depict, Picture, Pigment, Pint.]  1. To cover with coloring matter; to apply paint to; as, to paint a house, a signboard, etc. Jezebel painted her face and tired her head. 2 Kings ix. 30.  2. Fig.: To color, stain, or tinge; to adorn or beautify with colors; to diversify with colors. Not painted with the crimson spots of blood. Shak. Cuckoo buds of yellow hue Do paint the meadows with delight. Shak.  3. To form in colors a figure or likeness of on a flat surface, as upon canvas; to represent by means of colors or hues; to exhibit in a tinted image; to portray with paints; as, to paint a portrait or a landscape.  4. Fig.: To represent or exhibit to the mind; to describe vividly; to delineate; to image; to depict. Disloyal The word is too good to paint out her wickedness. Shak. If folly grow romantic, I must paint it. Pope.  Syn.  -- To color; picture; depict; portray; delineate; sketch; draw; describe.  PAINT Paint, v. t.  1. To practice the art of painting; as, the artist paints well.  2. To color one's face by way of beautifying it. Let her paint an inch thick. Shak.  PAINT Paint, n.  1. (a) A pigment or coloring substance. (b) The same prepared with a vehicle, as oil, water with gum, or the like, for application to a surface.  2. A cosmetic; rouge. Praed. 
evanescent   Ev`a*nes"cent, a. Etym: [L. evanescens, -entis, p. pr. of evanescere.]  1. Liable to vanish or pass away like vapor; vanishing; fleeting; as, evanescent joys. So evanescent are the fashions of the world in these particulars. Hawthorne.  2. Vanishing from notice; imperceptible. The difference between right and wrong, is some petty cases, is almost evanescent. Wollaston. 
jail   Jail, n. Etym: [OE. jaile, gail, gayhol, OF. gaole, gaiole, jaiole, F. geôle, LL. gabiola, dim. of gabia cage, for L. cavea cavity, cage. See Cage.]  Defn: A kind of prison; a building for the confinement of persons held in lawful custody, especially for minor offenses or with reference to some future judicial proceeding. [Written also gaol.] This jail I count the house of liberty. Milton. Jail bird, a prisoner; one who has been confined in prison. [Slang] - - Jail delivery, the release of prisoners from jail, either legally or by violence.  -- Jail delivery commission. See under Gaol.  -- Jail fever (Med.), typhus fever, or a disease resembling it, generated in jails and other places crowded with people; -- called also hospital fever, and ship fever.  -- Jail liberties, or Jail limits, a space or district around a jail within which an imprisoned debtor was, on certain conditions, allowed to go at large. Abbott.  -- Jail lock, a peculiar form of padlock; -- called also Scandinavian lock.  JAIL Jail, v. t.  Defn: To imprison. [R.] T. Adams (1614). [Bolts] that jail you from free life. Tennyson. 
downtown  
deceive   De*ceive", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Deceived; p. pr. & vb. n. Deceiving.] Etym: [OE. deceveir, F. décevoir, fr. L. decipere to catch, insnare, deceive; de- + capere to take, catch. See Capable, and cf. Deceit, Deception.]  1. To lead into error; to cause to believe what is false, or disbelieve what is true; to impose upon; to mislead; to cheat; to disappoint; to delude; to insnare. Evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived. 2 Tim. iii. 13. Nimble jugglers that deceive the eye. Shak. What can 'scape the eye Of God all-seeing, or deceive his heart Milton.  2. To beguile; to amuse, so as to divert the attention; to while away; to take away as if by deception. These occupations oftentimes deceived The listless hour. Wordsworth.  3. To deprive by fraud or stealth; to defraud. [Obs.] Plant fruit trees in large borders, and set therein fine flowers, but thin and sparingly, lest they deceive the trees. Bacon.  Syn.  -- Deceive, Delude, Mislead. Deceive is a general word applicable to any kind of misrepresentation affecting faith or life. To delude, primarily, is to make sport of, by deceiving, and is accomplished by playing upon one's imagination or credulity, as by exciting false hopes, causing him to undertake or expect what is impracticable, and making his failure ridiculous. It implies some infirmity of judgment in the victim, and intention to deceive in the deluder. But it is often used reflexively, indicating that a person's own weakness has made him the sport of others or of fortune; as, he deluded himself with a belief that luck would always favor him. To mislead is to lead, guide, or direct in a wrong way, either willfully or ignorantly. 
afternoon   Aft"er*noon", n.  Defn: The part of the day which follows noon, between noon and evening.  AFTER-NOTE Aft"er-note`(#), n. (Mus.)  Defn: One of the small notes occur on the unaccented parts of the measure, taking their time from the preceding note. 
puny   Pu"ny, a. [Compar. Punier; superl. Puniest.] Etym: [F. puîté younger, later born, OF. puisné; puis afterwards (L. post; see Post-) + né born, L. natus. See Natal, and cf. Puisne.]  Defn: Imperfectly developed in size or vigor; small and feeble; inferior; petty. A puny subject strikes at thy great glory. Shak. Breezes laugh to scorn our puny speed. Keble.  PUNY Pu"ny, n.  Defn: A youth; a novice. [R.] Fuller. 
note   Note, v. t. Etym: [AS. hnitan to strike against, imp. hnat.]  Defn: To butt; to push with the horns. [Prov. Eng.]  NOTE Note. Etym: [AS. nat; ne not + wat wot. See Not, and Wot.]  Defn: Know not; knows not. [Obs.]  NOTE Note, n.  Defn: Nut. [Obs.] Chaucer.  NOTE Note, n. Etym: [AS. notu use, profit.]  Defn: Need; needful business. [Obs.] Chaucer.  NOTE Note, n. Etym: [F. note, L. nota; akin to noscere, notum, to know. See Know.]  1. A mark or token by which a thing may be known; a visible sign; a character; a distinctive mark or feature; a characteristic quality. Whosoever appertain to the visible body of the church, they have also the notes of external profession. Hooker. She [the Anglican church] has the note of possession, the note of freedom from party titles,the note of life -- a tough life and a vigorous. J. H. Newman. What a note of youth, of imagination, of impulsive eagerness, there was through it all ! Mrs. Humphry Ward.  2. A mark, or sign, made to call attention, to point out something to notice, or the like; a sign, or token, proving or giving evidence.  3. A brief remark; a marginal comment or explanation; hence, an annotation on a text or author; a comment; a critical, explanatory, or illustrative observation. The best writers have been perplexed with notes, and obscured with illustrations. Felton.  4. A brief writing intended to assist the memory; a memorandum; a minute.  5. pl.  Defn: Hence, a writing intended to be used in speaking; memoranda to assist a speaker, being either a synopsis, or the full text of what is to be said; as, to preach from notes; also, a reporter's memoranda; the original report of a speech or of proceedings.  6. A short informal letter; a billet.  7. A diplomatic missive or written communication.  8. A written or printed paper acknowledging a debt, and promising payment; as, a promissory note; a note of hand; a negotiable note.  9. A list of items or of charges; an account. [Obs.] Here is now the smith's note for shoeing. Shak.  10. (Mus.) (a) A character, variously formed, to indicate the length of a tone, and variously placed upon the staff to indicate its pitch. Hence: (b) A musical sound; a tone; an utterance; a tune. (c) A key of the piano or organ. The wakeful bird . . . tunes her nocturnal note. Milton. That note of revolt against the eighteenth century, which we detect in Goethe, was struck by Winckelmann. W. Pater.  11. Observation; notice; heed. Give orders to my servants that they take No note at all of our being absent hence. Shak.  12. Notification; information; intelligence. [Obs.] The king . . . shall have note of this. Shak.  13. State of being under observation. [Obs.] Small matters . . . continually in use and in note. Bacon.  14. Reputation; distinction; as, a poet of note. There was scarce a family of note which had not poured out its blood on the field or the scaffold. Prescott.  15. Stigma; brand; reproach. [Obs.] Shak. Note of hand, a promissory note.  NOTE Note, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Noted; p. pr. & vb. n. Noting.] Etym: [F. noter, L. notare, fr. nota. See Note, n.]  1. To notice with care; to observe; to remark; to heed; to attend to. Pope. No more of that; I have noted it well. Shak.  2. To record in writing; to make a memorandum of. Every unguarded word . . . was noted down. Maccaulay.  3. To charge, as with crime (with of or for before the thing charged); to brand. [Obs.] They were both noted of incontinency. Dryden.  4. To denote; to designate. Johnson.  5. To annotate. [R.] W. H. Dixon.  6. To set down in musical characters. To note a bill or draft, to record on the back of it a refusal of acceptance, as the ground of a protest, which is done officially by a notary. 
ten   Ten, a. Etym: [AS. ten, tién, t, tene; akin to OFries. tian, OS. tehan, D. tien, G. zehn, OHG. zehan, Icel. tiu, Sw. tio, Dan. ti, Goth. taíhun, Lith. deszimt, Russ. desiate, W. deg, Ir. & Gael. deich, L. decem, Gr. daçan. *308. Cf. Dean, Decade, Decimal, December, Eighteen, Eighty, Teens, Tithe.]  Defn: One more than nine; twice five. With twice ten sail I crossed the Phrygian Sea. Dryden.  Note: Ten is often used, indefinitely, for several, many, and other like words. There 's proud modesty in merit, Averse from begging, and resolved to pay Ten times the gift it asks. Dryden.  TEN Ten, n.  1. The number greater by one than nine; the sum of five and five; ten units of objects. I will not destroy it for ten's sake. Gen. xviii. 32.  2. A symbol representing ten units, as 10, x, or X. 
ossified   Os"si*fied, a.  Defn: Changed to bone or something resembling bone; hardened by deposits of mineral matter of any kind; -- said of tissues. 
swift   Swift, a. [Compar. Swifter; superl. Swiftest.] Etym: [AS. swift; akin to swapan to sweep, swipu a whip; cf. swifan to move quickly, to revolve. See Swoop, v. i., and cf. Swivel, Squib.]  1. Moving a great distance in a short time; moving with celerity or velocity; fleet; rapid; quick; speedy; prompt. My beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath. James i. 19. Swift of dispatch and easy of access. Dryden. And bring upon themselves swift destruction. 2 Pet. ii. 1.  2. Of short continuance; passing away quickly. Shak.  Note: Swift is often used in the formation of compounds which are generally self-explaining; as, swift-darting, swift-footed, swift- winged, etc.  Syn.  -- Quick; fleet; speedy; rapid; expeditious.  SWIFT Swift, adv.  Defn: Swiftly. [Obs. or Poetic] Shak. Ply swift and strong the oar. Southey.  SWIFT Swift, n.  1. The current of a stream. [R.] Walton.  2. (Zoöl.)  Defn: Any one of numerous species of small, long-winged, insectivorous birds of the family Micropodidæ. In form and habits the swifts resemble swallows, but they are destitute of complex vocal muscles and are not singing birds, but belong to a widely different group allied to the humming birds.  Note: The common European swift (Cypselus, or Micropus, apus) nests in church steeples and under the tiles of roofs, and is noted for its rapid flight and shrill screams. It is called also black martin, black swift, hawk swallow, devil bird, swingdevil, screech martin, and shreik owl. The common American, or chimney, swift (Chætura pelagica) has sharp rigid tips to the tail feathers. It attaches its nest to the inner walls of chimneys, and is called also chimney swallow. The Australian swift (Chætura caudacuta) also has sharp naked tips to the tail quills. The European Alpine swift (Cypselus melba) is whitish beneath, with a white band across the breast. The common Indian swift is Cypselus affinis. See also Palm swift, under Palm, and Tree swift, under Tree.  3. (Zoöl.)  Defn: Any one of several species of lizards, as the pine lizard.  4. (Zoöl.)  Defn: The ghost moth. See under Ghost.  5. Etym: [Cf. Swivel.]  Defn: A reel, or turning instrument, for winding yarn, thread, etc.; -- used chiefly in the plural.  6. The main card cylinder of a flax-carding machine. 
ray   Ray, v. t. Etym: [An aphetic form of array; cf. Beray.]  1. To array. [Obs.] Sir T. More.  2. To mark, stain, or soil; to streak; to defile. [Obs.] "The fifth that did it ray." Spenser.  RAY Ray, n.  Defn: Array; order; arrangement; dress. [Obs.] And spoiling all her gears and goodly ray. Spenser.  RAY Ray, n. Etym: [OF. rai, F. rais, fr. L. radius a beam or ray, staff, rod, spoke of a wheel. Cf. Radius.]  1. One of a number of lines or parts diverging from a common point or center, like the radii of a circle; as, a star of six rays.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: A radiating part of the flower or plant; the marginal florets of a compound flower, as an aster or a sunflower; one of the pedicels of an umbel or other circular flower cluster; radius. See Radius.  3. (Zoöl.) (a) One of the radiating spines, or cartilages, supporting the fins of fishes. (b) One of the spheromeres of a radiate, especially one of the arms of a starfish or an ophiuran.  4. (Physics) (a) A line of light or heat proceeding from a radiant or reflecting point; a single element of light or heat propagated continuously; as, a solar ray; a polarized ray. (b) One of the component elements of the total radiation from a body; any definite or limited portion of the spectrum; as, the red ray; the violet ray. See Illust. under Light.  5. Sight; perception; vision; -- from an old theory of vision, that sight was something which proceeded from the eye to the object seen. All eyes direct their rays On him, and crowds turn coxcombs as they gaze. Pope.  6. (Geom.)  Defn: One of a system of diverging lines passing through a point, and regarded as extending indefinitely in both directions. See Half-ray. Bundle of rays. (Geom.) See Pencil of rays, below.  -- Extraordinary ray (Opt.), that one or two parts of a ray divided by double refraction which does not follow the ordinary law of refraction.  -- Ordinary ray (Opt.) that one of the two parts of a ray divided by double refraction which follows the usual or ordinary law of refraction.  -- Pencil of rays (Geom.), a definite system of rays.  -- Ray flower, or Ray floret (Bot.), one of the marginal flowers of the capitulum in such composite plants as the aster, goldenrod, daisy, and sunflower. They have an elongated, strap-shaped corolla, while the corollas of the disk flowers are tubular and five-lobed.  -- Ray point (Geom.), the common point of a pencil of rays.  -- Röntgen ray ( (Phys.), a kind of ray generated in a very highly exhausted vacuum tube by the electrical discharge. It is capable of passing through many bodies opaque to light, and producing photographic and fluorescent effects by which means pictures showing the internal structure of opaque objects are made, called radiographs, or sciagraphs. So called from the discoverer, W. C. Röntgen.  -- X ray, the Röntgen ray; -- so called by its discoverer because of its enigmatical character, x being an algebraic symbol for an unknown quantity.  RAY Ray, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Rayed; p. pr. & vb. n. Raying.] Etym: [Cf. OF. raier, raiier, rayer, L. radiare to irradiate. See Ray, n., and cf. Radiate.]  1. To mark with long lines; to streak. [Obs.] Chaucer.  2. Etym: [From Ray, n.]  Defn: To send forth or shoot out; to cause to shine out; as, to ray smiles. [R.] Thompson.  RAY Ray, v. t.  Defn: To shine, as with rays. Mrs. Browning.  RAY Ray, n. Etym: [F. raie, L. raia. Cf. Roach.] (Zoöl.) (a) Any one of numerous elasmobranch fishes of the order Raiæ, including the skates, torpedoes, sawfishes, etc. (b) In a restricted sense, any of the broad, flat, narrow-tailed species, as the skates and sting rays. See Skate. Bishop ray, a yellow-spotted, long-tailed eagle ray (Stoasodon nàrinari) of the Southern United States and the West Indies.  -- Butterfly ray, a short-tailed American sting ray (Pteroplatea Maclura), having very broad pectoral fins.  -- Devil ray. See Sea Devil.  -- Eagle ray, any large ray of the family Myliobatidæ, or Ætobatidæ. The common European species (Myliobatis aquila) is called also whip ray, and miller.  -- Electric ray, or Cramp ray, a torpedo.  -- Starry ray, a common European skate (Raia radiata).  -- Sting ray, any one of numerous species of rays of the family Trygonidæ having one or more large, sharp, barbed dorsal spines on the whiplike tail. Called also stingaree. 
meeting   Meet"ing, n.  1. A coming together; an assembling; as, the meeting of Congress.  2. A junction, crossing, or union; as, the meeting of the roads or of two rivers.  3. A congregation; a collection of people; a convention; as, a large meeting; an harmonius meeting.  4. An assembly for worship; as, to attend meeting on Sunday; -- in England, applied distinctively and disparagingly to the worshiping assemblies of Dissenters.  Syn.  -- Conference; assembly; company; convention; congregation; junction; confluence; union. 
white   White, a. [Compar. Whiter; superl. Whitest.] Etym: [OE. whit, AS. hw; akin to OFries. and OS. hwit, D. wit, G. weiss, OHG. wiz, hwiz, Icel. hvitr, Sw. hvit, Dan. hvid, Goth. hweits, Lith. szveisti, to make bright, Russ. sviet' light, Skr. white, to be bright. Wheat, Whitsunday.]  1. Reflecting to the eye all the rays of the spectrum combined; not tinted with any of the proper colors or their mixtures; having the color of pure snow; snowy; -- the opposite of Ant: black or dark; as, white paper; a white skin. "Pearls white." Chaucer. White as the whitest lily on a stream. Longfellow.  2. Destitute of color, as in the cheeks, or of the tinge of blood color; pale; pallid; as, white with fear. Or whispering with white lips, "The foe! They come! they come!" Byron.  3. Having the color of purity; free from spot or blemish, or from guilt or pollution; innocent; pure. White as thy fame, and as thy honor clear. Dryden. No whiter page than Addison's remains. Pope.  4. Gray, as from age; having silvery hair; hoary. Your high engendered battles 'gainst a head So old and white as this. Shak.  5. Characterized by freedom from that which disturbs, and the like; fortunate; happy; favorable. On the whole, however, the dominie reckoned this as one of the white days of his life. Sir W. Scott.  6. Regarded with especial favor; favorite; darling. Come forth, my white spouse. Chaucer. I am his white boy, and will not be gullet. Ford.  Note: White is used in many self-explaining compounds, as white- backed, white-bearded, white-footed. White alder. (Bot.) See Sweet pepper bush, under Pepper.  -- White ant (Zoöl.), any one of numerous species of social pseudoneuropterous insects of the genus Termes. These insects are very abundant in tropical countries, and form large and complex communities consisting of numerous asexual workers of one or more kinds, of large-headed asexual individuals called soldiers, of one or more queens (or fertile females) often having the body enormously distended by the eggs, and, at certain seasons of numerous winged males, together with the larvæ and pupæ of each kind in various stages of development. Many of the species construct large and complicated nests, sometimes in the form of domelike structures rising several feet above the ground and connected with extensive subterranean galleries and chambers. In their social habits they closely resemble the true ants. They feed upon animal and vegetable substances of various kinds, including timber, and are often very destructive to buildings and furniture.  -- White arsenic (Chem.), arsenious oxide, As2O3, a substance of a white color, and vitreous adamantine luster, having an astringent, sweetish taste. It is a deadly poison.  -- White bass (Zoöl.), a fresh-water North American bass (Roccus chrysops) found in the Great Likes.  -- White bear (Zoöl.), the polar bear. See under Polar.  -- White blood cell. (Physiol.) See Leucocyte.  -- White brand (Zoöl.), the snow goose.  -- White brass, a white alloy of copper; white copper.  -- White campion. (Bot.) (a) A kind of catchfly (Silene stellata) with white flowers. (b) A white-flowered Lychnis (Lychnis vespertina).  -- White canon (R. C. Ch.), a Premonstratensian.  -- White caps, the members of a secret organization in various of the United States, who attempt to drive away or reform obnoxious persons by lynch-law methods. They appear masked in white.  -- White cedar (Bot.), an evergreen tree of North America (Thuja occidentalis), also the related Cupressus thyoides, or Chamæcyparis sphæroidea, a slender evergreen conifer which grows in the so-called cedar swamps of the Northern and Atlantic States. Both are much valued for their durable timber. In California the name is given to the Libocedrus decurrens, the timber of which is also useful, though often subject to dry rot. Goodale. The white cedar of Demerara, Guiana, etc., is a lofty tree (Icica, or Bursera, altissima) whose fragrant wood is used for canoes and cabinetwork, as it is not attacked by insect.  -- White cell. (Physiol.) See Leucocyte.  -- White cell-blood (Med.), leucocythæmia.  -- White clover (Bot.), a species of small perennial clover bearing white flowers. It furnishes excellent food for cattle and horses, as well as for the honeybee. See also under Clover.  -- White copper, a whitish alloy of copper. See German silver, under German.  -- White copperas (Min.), a native hydrous sulphate of iron; coquimbite.  -- White coral (Zoöl.), an ornamental branched coral (Amphihelia oculata) native of the Mediterranean.  -- White corpuscle. (Physiol.) See Leucocyte.  -- White cricket (Zoöl.), the tree cricket.  -- White crop, a crop of grain which loses its green color, or becomes white, in ripening, as wheat, rye, barley, and oats, as distinguished from a green crop, or a root crop.  -- White currant (Bot.), a variety of the common red currant, having white berries.  -- White daisy (Bot.), the oxeye daisy. See under Daisy.  -- White damp, a kind of poisonous gas encountered in coal mines. Raymond.  -- White elephant (Zoöl.), a whitish, or albino, variety of the Asiatic elephant.  -- White elm (Bot.), a majestic tree of North America (Ulmus Americana), the timber of which is much used for hubs of wheels, and for other purposes.  -- White ensign. See Saint George's ensign, under Saint.  -- White feather, a mark or symbol of cowardice. See To show the white feather, under Feather, n.  -- White fir (Bot.), a name given to several coniferous trees of the Pacific States, as Abies grandis, and A. concolor.  -- White flesher (Zoöl.), the ruffed grouse. See under Ruffed. [Canada] -- White frost. See Hoarfrost.  -- White game (Zoöl.), the white ptarmigan.  -- White garnet (Min.), leucite.  -- White grass (Bot.), an American grass (Leersia Virginica) with greenish-white paleæ.  -- White grouse. (Zoöl.) (a) The white ptarmigan. (b) The prairie chicken. [Local, U. S.] -- White grub (Zoöl.), the larva of the June bug and other allied species. These grubs eat the roots of grasses and other plants, and often do much damage.  -- White hake (Zoöl.), the squirrel hake. See under Squirrel.  -- White hawk, or kite (Zoöl.), the hen harrier.  -- White heat, the temperature at which bodies become incandescent, and appear white from the bright light which they emit.  -- White hellebore (Bot.), a plant of the genus Veratrum (V. album) See Hellebore, 2.  -- White herring, a fresh, or unsmoked, herring, as distinguished from a red, or cured, herring. [R.] Shak.  -- White hoolet (Zoöl.), the barn owl. [Prov. Eng.] -- White horses (Naut.), white-topped waves; whitecaps.  -- The White House. See under House.  -- White ibis (Zoöl.), an American ibis (Guara alba) having the plumage pure white, except the tips of the wings, which are black. It inhabits tropical America and the Southern United States. Called also Spanish curlew.  -- White iron. (a) Thin sheets of iron coated with tin; tinned iron. (b) A hard, silvery-white cast iron containing a large proportion of combined carbon.  -- White iron pyrites (Min.), marcasite.  -- White land, a tough clayey soil, of a whitish hue when dry, but blackish after rain. [Eng.] -- White lark (Zoöl.), the snow bunting.  -- White lead. (a) A carbonate of lead much used in painting, and for other purposes; ceruse. (b) (Min.) Native lead carbonate; cerusite.  -- White leather, buff leather; leather tanned with alum and salt.  -- White leg (Med.), milk leg. See under Milk.  -- White lettuce (Bot.), rattlesnake root. See under Rattlesnake.  -- White lie. See under Lie.  -- White light. (a) (Physics) Light having the different colors in the same proportion as in the light coming directly from the sun, without having been decomposed, as by passing through a prism. See the Note under Color, n., 1. (b) A kind of firework which gives a brilliant white illumination for signals, etc.  -- White lime, a solution or preparation of lime for whitewashing; whitewash.  -- White line (Print.), a void space of the breadth of a line, on a printed page; a blank line.  -- White meat. (a) Any light-colored flesh, especially of poultry. (b) Food made from milk or eggs, as butter, cheese, etc. Driving their cattle continually with them, and feeding only upon their milk and white meats. Spenser. -- White merganser (Zoöl.), the smew.  -- White metal. (a) Any one of several white alloys, as pewter, britannia, etc. (b) (Metal.) A fine grade of copper sulphide obtained at a certain stage in copper smelting.  -- White miller. (Zoöl.) (a) The common clothes moth. (b) A common American bombycid moth (Spilosoma Virginica) which is pure white with a few small black spots; -- called also ermine moth, and virgin moth. See Woolly bear, under Woolly.  -- White money, silver money.  -- White mouse (Zoöl.), the albino variety of the common mouse.  -- White mullet (Zoöl.), a silvery mullet (Mugil curema) ranging from the coast of the United States to Brazil; -- called also blue- back mullet, and liza.  -- White nun (Zoöl.), the smew; -- so called from the white crest and the band of black feathers on the back of its head, which give the appearance of a hood.  -- White oak. (Bot.) See under Oak.  -- White owl. (Zoöl.) (a) The snowy owl. (b) The barn owl.  -- White partridge (Zoöl.), the white ptarmigan.  -- White perch. (Zoöl.) (a) A North American fresh-water bass (Morone Americana) valued as a food fish. (b) The croaker, or fresh- water drum. (c) Any California surf fish.  -- White pine. (Bot.) See the Note under Pine.  -- White poplar (Bot.), a European tree (Populus alba) often cultivated as a shade tree in America; abele.  -- White poppy (Bot.), the opium-yielding poppy. See Poppy.  -- White powder, a kind of gunpowder formerly believed to exist, and to have the power of exploding without noise. [Obs.] A pistol charged with white powder. Beau. & Fl. -- White precipitate. (Old Chem.) See under Precipitate.  -- White rabbit. (Zoöl.) (a) The American northern hare in its winter pelage. (b) An albino rabbit.  -- White rent, (a) (Eng. Law) Formerly, rent payable in silver; -- opposed to black rent. See Blackmail, n., 3. (b) A rent, or duty, of eight pence, payable yearly by every tinner in Devon and Cornwall to the Duke of Cornwall, as lord of the soil. [Prov. Eng.] -- White rhinoceros. (Zoöl.) (a) The one-horned, or Indian, rhinoceros (Rhinoceros Indicus). See Rhinoceros. (b) The umhofo.  -- White ribbon, the distinctive badge of certain organizations for the promotion of temperance or of moral purity; as, the White-ribbon Army.  -- White rope (Naut.), untarred hemp rope.  -- White rot. (Bot.) (a) Either of several plants, as marsh pennywort and butterwort, which were thought to produce the disease called rot in sheep. (b) A disease of grapes. See White rot, under Rot.  -- White sage (Bot.), a white, woolly undershrub (Eurotia lanata) of Western North America; -- called also winter fat.  -- White salmon (Zoöl.), the silver salmon.  -- White salt, salt dried and calcined; decrepitated salt.  -- White scale (Zoöl.), a scale insect (Aspidiotus Nerii) injurious to the orange tree. See Orange scale, under Orange.  -- White shark (Zoöl.), a species of man-eating shark. See under Shark.  -- White softening. (Med.) See Softening of the brain, under Softening.  -- White spruce. (Bot.) See Spruce, n., 1.  -- White squall (Naut.), a sudden gust of wind, or furious blow, which comes up without being marked in its approach otherwise than by whitecaps, or white, broken water, on the surface of the sea.  -- White staff, the badge of the lord high treasurer of England. Macaulay.  -- White stork (Zoöl.), the common European stork.  -- White sturgeon. (Zoöl.) See Shovelnose (d).  -- White sucker. (Zoöl.) (a) The common sucker. (b) The common red horse (Moxostoma macrolepidotum).  -- White swelling (Med.), a chronic swelling of the knee, produced by a strumous inflammation of the synovial membranes of the kneejoint and of the cancellar texture of the end of the bone forming the kneejoint; -- applied also to a lingering chronic swelling of almost any kind.  -- White tombac. See Tombac.  -- White trout (Zoöl.), the white weakfish, or silver squeteague (Cynoscion nothus), of the Southern United States.  -- White vitriol (Chem.), hydrous sulphate of zinc. See White vitriol, under Vitriol.  -- White wagtail (Zoöl.), the common, or pied, wagtail.  -- White wax, beeswax rendered white by bleaching.  -- White whale (Zoöl.), the beluga.  -- White widgeon (Zoöl.), the smew.  -- White wine. any wine of a clear, transparent color, bordering on white, as Madeira, sherry, Lisbon, etc.; -- distinguished from wines of a deep red color, as port and Burgundy. "White wine of Lepe." Chaucer.  -- White witch, a witch or wizard whose supernatural powers are supposed to be exercised for good and beneficent purposes. Addison. Cotton Mather.  -- White wolf. (Zoöl.) (a) A light-colored wolf (Canis laniger) native of Thibet; -- called also chanco, golden wolf, and Thibetan wolf. (b) The albino variety of the gray wolf.  -- White wren (Zoöl.), the willow warbler; -- so called from the color of the under parts.  WHITE White, n.  1. The color of pure snow; one of the natural colors of bodies, yet not strictly a color, but a composition of all colors; the opposite of black; whiteness. See the Note under Color, n., 1. Finely attired in a of white. Shak.  2. Something having the color of snow; something white, or nearly so; as, the white of the eye.  3. Specifically, the central part of the butt in archery, which was formerly painted white; the center of a mark at which a missile is shot. 'T was I won the wager, though you hit the white. Shak.  4. A person with a white skin; a member of the white, or Caucasian, races of men.  5. A white pigment; as, Venice white.  6. (Zoöl.)  Defn: Any one of numerous species of butterflies belonging to Pieris, and allied genera in which the color is usually white. See Cabbage butterfly, under Cabbage. Black and white. See under Black.  -- Flake white, Paris white, etc. See under Flack, Paris, etc.  -- White of a seed (Bot.), the albumen. See Albumen, 2.  -- White of egg, the viscous pellucid fluid which surrounds the yolk in an egg, particularly in the egg of a fowl. In a hen's egg it is alkaline, and contains about 86 per cent of water and 14 per cent of solid matter, the greater portion of which is egg albumin. It likewise contains a small amount of globulin, and traces of fats and sugar, with some inorganic matter. Heated above 60º C. it coagulates to a solid mass, owing to the albumin which it contains. Parr.  -- White of the eye (Anat.), the white part of the ball of the eye surrounding the transparent cornea.  WHITE White, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Whited; p. pr. & vb. n. Whiting.] Etym: [AS. hwitan.]  Defn: To make white; to whiten; to whitewash; to bleach. Whited sepulchers, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of . . . uncleanness. Matt. xxiii. 27. So as no fuller on earth can white them. Mark. ix. 3. 
buzz   Buzz, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Buzzed; p. pr. & vb. n. Buzzing.] Etym: [An onomatopoeia.]  Defn: To make a low, continuous, humming or sibilant sound, like that made by bees with their wings. Hence: To utter a murmuring sound; to speak with a low, humming voice. Like a wasp is buzzed, and stung him. Longfellow. However these disturbers of our peace Buzz in the people's ears. Shak.  BUZZ Buzz, v. t.  1. To sound forth by buzzing. Shak.  2. To whisper; to communicate, as tales, in an under tone; to spread, as report, by whispers, or secretly. I will buzz abroad such prophecies That Edward shall be fearful of his life. Shak.  3. To talk to incessantly or confidentially in a low humming voice. [Colloq.]  4. (Phonetics)  Defn: To sound with a "buzz". H. Sweet.  BUZZ Buzz, n.  1. A continuous, humming noise, as of bees; a confused murmur, as of general conversation in low tones, or of a general expression of surprise or approbation. "The constant buzz of a fly." Macaulay.  I found the whole room in a buzz of politics. Addison. There is a buzz all around regarding the sermon. Thackeray.  2. A whisper; a report spread secretly or cautiously. There's a certain buzz Of a stolen marriage. Massinger.  3. (Phonetics)  Defn: The audible friction of voice consonants. H. Sweet. 
heap   Heap, n. Etym: [OE. heep, heap, heap, multitude, AS. heáp; akin to OS. h, D. hoop, OHG. houf, h, G. haufe, haufen, Sw. hop, Dan. hob., Icel. h troop, flock, Russ. kupa heap, crowd, Lith. kaupas. Cf. Hope, in Forlorn hope.]  1. A crowd; a throng; a multitude or great number of persons. [Now Low or Humorous] The wisdom of a heap of learned men. Chaucer. A heap of vassals and slaves. Bacon. He had heaps of friends. W.Black.  2. A great number or large quantity of things not placed in a pile. [Now Low or Humorous] A vast heap, both of places of scripture and quotations. Bp. Burnet. I have noticed a heap of things in my life. R. L. Stevenson.  3. A pile or mass; a collection of things laid in a body, or thrown together so as to form an elevation; as, a heap of earth or stones. Huge heaps of slain around the body rise. Dryden.  HEAP Heap, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Heaped; p. pr. & vb. n. Heaping.] Etym: [AS. heápian.]  1. To collect in great quantity; to amass; to lay up; to accumulate; -- usually with up; as, to heap up treasures. Though he heap up silver as the dust. Job. xxvii. 16.  2. To throw or lay in a heap; to make a heap of; to pile; as, to heap stones; -- often with up; as, to heap up earth; or with on; as, to heap on wood or coal.  3. To form or round into a heap, as in measuring; to fill (a measure) more than even full. 
zinc   Zinc, n. Etym: [G. zinc, probably akin to zinn tin: cf. F. zinc, from the German. Cf. Tin.] (Chem.)  Defn: An abundant element of the magnesium-cadmium group, extracted principally from the minerals zinc blende, smithsonite, calamine, and franklinite, as an easily fusible bluish white metal, which is malleable, especially when heated. It is not easily oxidized in moist air, and hence is used for sheeting, coating galvanized iron, etc. It is used in making brass, britannia, and other alloys, and is also largely consumed in electric batteries. Symbol Zn. Atomic weight 64.9 [Formerly written also zink.] Butter of zinc (Old Chem.), zinc chloride, ZnCl2, a deliquescent white waxy or oily substance.  -- Oxide of zinc. (Chem.) See Zinc oxide, below.  -- Zinc amine (Chem.), a white amorphous substance, Zn(NH2)2, obtained by the action of ammonia on zinc ethyl; -- called also zinc amide.  -- Zinc amyle (Chem.), a colorless, transparent liquid, composed of zinc and amyle, which, when exposed to the atmosphere, emits fumes, and absorbs oxygen with rapidity.  -- Zinc blende Etym: [cf. G. zinkblende] (Min.), a native zinc sulphide. See Blende, n. (a) -- Zinc bloom Etym: [cf. G. zinkblumen flowers of zinc, oxide of zinc] (Min.), hydrous carbonate of zinc, usually occurring in white earthy incrustations; -- called also hydrozincite.  -- Zinc ethyl (Chem.), a colorless, transparent, poisonous liquid, composed of zinc and ethyl, which takes fire spontaneously on exposure to the atmosphere.  -- Zinc green, a green pigment consisting of zinc and cobalt oxides; -- called also Rinmann's green.  -- Zinc methyl (Chem.), a colorless mobile liquid Zn(CH3)2, produced by the action of methyl iodide on a zinc sodium alloy. It has a disagreeable odor, and is spontaneously inflammable in the air. It has been of great importance in the synthesis of organic compounds, and is the type of a large series of similar compounds, as zinc ethyl, zinc amyle, etc.  -- Zinc oxide (Chem.), the oxide of zinc, ZnO, forming a light fluffy sublimate when zinc is burned; -- called also flowers of zinc, philosopher's wool, nihil album, etc. The impure oxide produced by burning the metal, roasting its ores, or in melting brass, is called also pompholyx, and tutty.  -- Zinc spinel (Min.), a mineral, related to spinel, consisting essentially of the oxides of zinc and aluminium; gahnite.  -- Zinc vitriol (Chem.), zinc sulphate. See White vitriol, under Vitriol.  -- Zinc white, a white powder consisting of zinc oxide, used as a pigment.  ZINC Zinc, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Zincked or Zinced (; p. pr. & vb. n. Zincking or Zincing (.]  Defn: To coat with zinc; to galvanize. 
acoustics   A*cous"tics (#; 277), n. Etym: [Names of sciences in -ics, as, acoustics, mathematics, etc., are usually treated as singular. See - ics.] (Physics.)  Defn: The science of sounds, teaching their nature, phenomena, and laws. Acoustics, then, or the science of sound, is a very considerable branch of physics. Sir J. Herschel.  Note: The science is, by some writers, divided, into diacoustics, which explains the properties of sounds coming directly from the ear; and catacoustica, which treats of reflected sounds or echoes. 
aromatic   Ar`o*mat"ic, n.  Defn: A plant, drug, or medicine, characterized by a fragrant smell, and usually by a warm, pungent taste, as ginger, cinnamon spices. 
black   Black, a. Etym: [OE. blak, AS. blæc; akin to Icel. blakkr dark, swarthy, Sw. bläck ink, Dan. blæk, OHG. blach, LG. & D. blaken to burn with a black smoke. Not akin to AS. blac, E. bleak pallid.  1. Destitute of light, or incapable of reflecting it; of the color of soot or coal; of the darkest or a very dark color, the opposite of white; characterized by such a color; as, black cloth; black hair or eyes. O night, with hue so black! Shak.  2. In a less literal sense: Enveloped or shrouded in darkness; very dark or gloomy; as, a black night; the heavens black with clouds. I spy a black, suspicious, threatening cloud. Shak.  3. Fig.: Dismal, gloomy, or forbidding, like darkness; destitute of moral light or goodness; atrociously wicked; cruel; mournful; calamitous; horrible. "This day's black fate." "Black villainy." "Arise, black vengeance." "Black day." "Black despair." Shak.  4. Expressing menace, or discontent; threatening; sullen; foreboding; as, to regard one with black looks.  Note: Black is often used in self-explaining compound words; as, black-eyed, black-faced, black-haired, black-visaged. Black act, the English statute 9 George I, which makes it a felony to appear armed in any park or warren, etc., or to hunt or steal deer, etc., with the face blackened or disguised. Subsequent acts inflicting heavy penalties for malicious injuries to cattle and machinery have been called black acts.  -- Black angel (Zoöl.), a fish of the West Indies and Florida (Holacanthus tricolor), with the head and tail yellow, and the middle of the body black.  -- Black antimony (Chem.), the black sulphide of antimony, Sb2S3, used in pyrotechnics, etc.  -- Black bear (Zoöl.), the common American bear (Ursus Americanus).  -- Black beast. See Bête noire.  -- Black beetle (Zoöl.), the common large cockroach (Blatta orientalis).  -- Black and blue, the dark color of a bruise in the flesh, which is accompanied with a mixture of blue. "To pinch the slatterns black and blue." Hudibras.  -- Black bonnet (Zoöl.), the black-headed bunting (Embriza Schoeniclus) of Europe.  -- Black canker, a disease in turnips and other crops, produced by a species of caterpillar.  -- Black cat (Zoöl.), the fisher, a quadruped of North America allied to the sable, but larger. See Fisher.  -- Black cattle, any bovine cattle reared for slaughter, in distinction from dairy cattle. [Eng.] -- Black cherry. See under Cherry.  -- Black cockatoo (Zoöl.), the palm cockatoo. See Cockatoo.  -- Black copper. Same as Melaconite.  -- Black currant. (Bot.) See Currant.  -- Black diamond. (Min.) See Carbonado.  -- Black draught (Med.), a cathartic medicine, composed of senna and magnesia.  -- Black drop (Med.), vinegar of opium; a narcotic preparation consisting essentially of a solution of opium in vinegar.  -- Black earth, mold; earth of a dark color. Woodward.  -- Black flag, the flag of a pirate, often bearing in white a skull and crossbones; a signal of defiance.  -- Black flea (Zoöl.), a flea beetle (Haltica nemorum) injurious to turnips.  -- Black flux, a mixture of carbonate of potash and charcoal, obtained by deflagrating tartar with half its weight of niter. Brande & C.  -- Black fly. (Zoöl.) (a) In the United States, a small, venomous, two-winged fly of the genus Simulium of several species, exceedingly abundant and troublesome in the northern forests. The larvæ are aquatic. (b) A black plant louse, as the bean aphis (A. fabæ).  -- Black Forest Etym: [a translation of G. Schwarzwald], a forest in Baden and Würtemburg, in Germany; a part of the ancient Hercynian forest.  -- Black game, or Black grouse. (Zoöl.) See Blackcock, Grouse, and Heath grouse.  -- Black grass (Bot.), a grasslike rush of the species Juncus Gerardi, growing on salt marshes, and making good hay.  -- Black gum (Bot.), an American tree, the tupelo or pepperidge. See Tupelo.  -- Black Hamburg (grape) (Bot.), a sweet and juicy variety of dark purple or "black" grape.  -- Black horse (Zoöl.), a fish of the Mississippi valley (Cycleptus elongatus), of the sucker family; the Missouri sucker.  -- Black lemur (Zoöl.), the Lemurniger of Madagascar; the acoumbo of the natives.  -- Black list, a list of persons who are for some reason thought deserving of censure or punishment; -- esp. a list of persons stigmatized as insolvent or untrustworthy, made for the protection of tradesmen or employers. See Blacklist, v. t.  -- Black manganese (Chem.), the black oxide of manganese, MnO2.  -- Black Maria, the close wagon in which prisoners are carried to or from jail.  -- Black martin (Zoöl.), the chimney swift. See Swift.  -- Black moss (Bot.), the common so-called long moss of the southern United States. See Tillandsia.  -- Black oak. See under Oak.  -- Black ocher. See Wad.  -- Black pigment, a very fine, light carbonaceous substance, or lampblack, prepared chiefly for the manufacture of printers' ink. It is obtained by burning common coal tar.  -- Black plate, sheet iron before it is tinned. Knight.  -- Black quarter, malignant anthrax with engorgement of a shoulder or quarter, etc., as of an ox.  -- Black rat (Zoöl.), one of the species of rats (Mus rattus), commonly infesting houses.  -- Black rent. See Blackmail, n., 3.  -- Black rust, a disease of wheat, in which a black, moist matter is deposited in the fissures of the grain.  -- Black sheep, one in a family or company who is unlike the rest, and makes trouble.  -- Black silver. (Min.) See under Silver.  -- Black and tan, black mixed or spotted with tan color or reddish brown; -- used in describing certain breeds of dogs.  -- Black tea. See under Tea.  -- Black tin (Mining), tin ore (cassiterite), when dressed, stamped and washed, ready for smelting. It is in the form of a black powder, like fine sand. Knight.  -- Black walnut. See under Walnut.  -- Black warrior (Zoöl.), an American hawk (Buteo Harlani).  Syn.  -- Dark; murky; pitchy; inky; somber; dusky; gloomy; swart; Cimmerian; ebon; atrocious.  BLACK Black, adv.  Defn: Sullenly; threateningly; maliciously; so as to produce blackness.  BLACK Black, n.  1. That which is destitute of light or whiteness; the darkest color, or rather a destitution of all color; as, a cloth has a good black. Black is the badge of hell, The hue of dungeons, and the suit of night. Shak.  2. A black pigment or dye.  3. A negro; a person whose skin is of a black color, or shaded with black; esp. a member or descendant of certain African races.  4. A black garment or dress; as, she wears black; pl. (Obs.)  Defn: Mourning garments of a black color; funereal drapery. Friends weeping, and blacks, and obsequies, and the like show death terrible. Bacon. That was the full time they used to wear blacks for the death of their fathers. Sir T. North.  5. The part of a thing which is distinguished from the rest by being black. The black or sight of the eye. Sir K. Digby.  6. A stain; a spot; a smooch. Defiling her white lawn of chastity with ugly blacks of lust. Rowley. Black and white, writing or print; as, I must have that statement in black and white.  -- Blue black, a pigment of a blue black color.  -- Ivory black, a fine kind of animal charcoal prepared by calcining ivory or bones. When ground it is the chief ingredient of the ink used in copperplate printing.  -- Berlin black. See under Berlin.  BLACK Black, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Blacked ; p. pr. & vb. n. Blacking.] Etym: [See Black, a., and cf. Blacken.]  1. To make black; to blacken; to soil; to sully. They have their teeth blacked, both men and women, for they say a dog hath his teeth white, therefore they will black theirs. Hakluyt. Sins which black thy soul. J. Fletcher.  2. To make black and shining, as boots or a stove, by applying blacking and then polishing with a brush. 
careless   Care"less, a. Etym: [AS. cearleás.]  1. Free from care or anxiety. hence, cheerful; light-hearted. Spenser. Sleep she as sound as careless infancy. Shak.  2. Having no care; not taking ordinary or proper care; negligent; unconcerned; heedless; inattentive; unmindful; regardless. My brother was too careless of his charge. Shak. He grew careless of himself. Steele.  3. Without thought or purpose; without due care; without attention to rule or system; unstudied; inconsiderate; spontaneouse; rash; as, a careless throw; a careless expression. He framed the careless rhyme. Beatie.  4. Not receiving care; uncared for. [R.] Their many wounds and careless hatms. Spemser.  Syn.  -- Negligent; heedless; thoughtless; unthinking; inattentive; incautious; remiss; forgetful; regardless; inconsiderate; listless. 
fit   Fit,  Defn: imp. & p. p. of Fight. [Obs. or Colloq.]  FIT Fit, n. Etym: [AS. fitt a song.]  Defn: In Old English, a song; a strain; a canto or portion of a ballad; a passus. [Written also fitte, fytte, etc.] To play some pleasant fit. Spenser.  FIT Fit, a. [Compar. Fitter; superl. Fittest.] Etym: [OE. fit, fyt; cf. E. feat neat, elegant, well made, or icel. fitja to web, knit, OD. vitten to suit, square, Goth. f to adorn.  1. Adapted to an end, object, or design; suitable by nature or by art; suited by character, qualitties, circumstances, education, etc.; qualified; competent; worthy. That which ordinary men are fit for, I am qualified in. Shak. Fit audience find, though few. Milton.  2. Prepared; ready. [Obs.] So fit to shoot, she singled forth among her foes who first her quarry's strength should feel. Fairfax.  3. Conformed to a standart of duty, properiety, or taste; convenient; meet; becoming; proper. Is it fit to say a king, Thou art wicked Job xxxiv. 18.  Syn.  -- Suitable; proper; appropriate; meet; becoming; expedient; congruous; correspondent; apposite; apt; adapted; prepared; qualified; competent; adequate.  FIT Fit, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Fitted; p. pr. & vb. n. Fitting.]  1. To make fit or suitable; to adapt to the purpose intended; to qualify; to put into a condition of readiness or preparation. The time is fitted for the duty. Burke. The very situation for which he was peculiarly fitted by nature. Macaulay.  2. To bring to a required form and size; to shape aright; to adapt to a model; to adjust; -- said especially of the work of a carpenter, machinist, tailor, etc. The carpenter . . . marketh it out with a line; he fitteth it with planes. Is. xliv. 13.  3. To supply with something that is suitable or fit, or that is shaped and adjusted to the use required. No milliner can so fit his customers with gloves. Shak.  4. To be suitable to; to answer the requirements of; to be correctly shaped and adjusted to; as, if the coat fits you, put it on. That's a bountiful answer that fits all questions. Shak. That time best fits the work. Shak. To fit out, to supply with necessaries or means; to furnish; to equip; as, to fit out a privateer.  -- To fit up, to firnish with things suitable; to make proper for the reception or use of any person; to prepare; as, to fit up a room for a guest.  FIT Fit, v. i.  1. To be proper or becoming. Nor fits it to prolong the feast. Pope.  2. To be adjusted to a particular shape or size; to suit; to be adapted; as, his coat fits very well.  FIT Fit, n.  1. The quality of being fit; adjustment; adaptedness; as of dress to the person of the wearer.  2. (Mach.) (a) The coincidence of parts that come in contact. (b) The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly. Fit rod (Shipbuilding), a gauge rod used to try the depth of a bolt hole in order to determine the length of the bolt required. Knight.  FIT Fit, n. Etym: [AS. fit strife, fight; of uncertain origin. sq. root 77.]  1. A stroke or blow. [Obs. or R.] Curse on that cross, quoth then the Sarazin, That keeps thy body from the bitter fit. Spenser.  2. A sudden and violent attack of a disorder; a stroke of disease, as of epilepsy or apoplexy, which produces convulsions or unconsciousness; a convulsion; a paroxysm; hence, a period of exacerbation of a disease; in general, an attack of disease; as, a fit of sickness. And when the fit was on him, I did mark How he did shake. Shak.  3. A mood of any kind which masters or possesses one for a time; a temporary, absorbing affection; a paroxysm; as, a fit melancholy, of passion, or of laughter. All fits of pleasure we balanced by an equal degree of pain. Swift. The English, however, were on this subject prone to fits of jealously. Macaulay.  4. A passing humor; a caprice; a sudden and unusual effort, activity, or motion, followed by relaxation or insction; an impulse and irregular action. The fits of the season. Shak.  5. A darting point; a sudden emission. [R.] A tongue of light, a fit of flame. Coleridge. By fits, By fits and starts, by intervals of action and re 
wacky  
insurance   In*sur"ance, n. Etym: [From Insure.]  1. The act of insuring, or assuring, against loss or damage by a contingent event; a contract whereby, for a stipulated consideration, called premium, one party undertakes to indemnify or guarantee another against loss by certain specified risks. Cf. Assurance, n., 6.  Note: The person who undertakes to pay in case of loss is termed the insurer; the danger against which he undertakes, the risk; the person protected, the insured; the sum which he pays for the protection, the premium; and the contract itself, when reduced to form, the policy. Johnson's Cyc.  2. The premium paid for insuring property or life.  3. The sum for which life or property is insured.  4. A guaranty, security, or pledge; assurance. [Obs.] The most acceptable insurance of the divine protection. Mickle. Accident insurance, insurance against pecuniary loss by reason of accident to the person.  -- Endowment insurance or assurance, a combination of life insurance and investment such that if the person upon whose life a risk is taken dies before a certain specified time the insurance becomes due at once, and if he survives, it becomes due at the time specified.  -- Fire insurance. See under Fire.  -- Insurance broker, a broker or agent who effects insurance.  -- Insurance company, a company or corporation whose business it is to insure against loss, damage, or death.  -- Insurance policy, a certificate of insurance; the document containing the contract made by an insurance company with a person whose property or life is insured.  -- Life insurance. See under Life. 
support   Sup*port", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Supported; p. pr. & vb. n. Supporting.] Etym: [F. supporter, L. supportare to carry on, to convey, in LL., to support, sustain; sub under + portare to carry. See Port demeanor.]  1. To bear by being under; to keep from falling; to uphold; to sustain, in a literal or physical sense; to prop up; to bear the weight of; as, a pillar supports a structure; an abutment supports an arch; the trunk of a tree supports the branches.  2. To endure without being overcome, exhausted, or changed in character; to sustain; as, to support pain, distress, or misfortunes. This fierce demeanor and his insolence The patience of a god could not support. Dryden.  3. To keep from failing or sinking; to solace under affictive circumstances; to assist; to encourage; to defend; as, to support the courage or spirits.  4. To assume and carry successfully, as the part of an actor; to represent or act; to sustain; as, to support the character of King Lear.  5. To furnish with the means of sustenance or livelihood; to maintain; to provide for; as, to support a family; to support the ministers of the gospel.  6. To carry on; to enable to continue; to maintain; as, to support a war or a contest; to support an argument or a debate.  7. To verify; to make good; to substantiate; to establish; to sustain; as, the testimony is not sufficient to support the charges; the evidence will not support the statements or allegations. To urge such arguments, as though they were sufficient to support and demonstrate a whole scheme of moral philosophy. J. Edwards.  8. To vindicate; to maintain; to defend successfully; as, to be able to support one's own cause.  9. To uphold by aid or countenance; to aid; to help; to back up; as, to support a friend or a party; to support the present administration. Wherefore, bold pleasant, Darest thou support a published traitor Shak.  10. A attend as an honorary assistant; as, a chairman supported by a vice chairman; O'Connell left the prison, supported by his two sons. Support arms (Mil.), a command in the manual of arms in responce to which the piece is held vertically at the shoulder, with the hammer resting on the left forearm, which is passed horizontally across the body in front; also, the position assumed in response to this command.  Syn.  -- To maintain; endure; verify; substantiate; countenance; patronize; help; back; second; succor; relieve; uphold; encourage; favor; nurture; nourish; cherish; shield; defend; protect; stay; assist; forward.  SUPPORT Sup*port", n. Etym: [F.]  1. The act, state, or operation of supporting, upholding, or sustaining.  2. That which upholds, sustains, or keeps from falling, as a prop, a pillar, or a foundation of any kind.  3. That which maintains or preserves from being overcome, falling, yielding, sinking, giving way, or the like; subsistence; maintenance; assistance; reënforcement; as, he gave his family a good support, the support of national credit; the assaulting column had the support of a battery. Points of support (Arch.), the horizontal area of the solids of a building, walls, piers, and the like, as compared with the open or vacant spaces.  -- Right of support (Law), an easement or servitude by which the owner of a house has a right to rest his timber on the walls of his neighbor's house. Kent.  Syn.  -- Stay; prop; maintenance; subsistence; assistance; favor; countenance; encouragement; patronage; aid; help; succor; nutriment; sustenance; food. 
hug   Hug, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Hugged; p. pr. & vb. n. Hugging.] Etym: [Prob. of Scand. origin; cf. Dan. sidde paa huk to squat, Sw. huka sig to squat, Icel. h. Cf. Huckster.]  1. To cower; to crouch; to curl up. [Obs.] Palsgrave.  2. To crowd together; to cuddle. [Obs.] Shak.  HUG Hug, v. t.  1. To press closely within the arms; to clasp to the bosom; to embrace. "And huggen me in his arms." Shak.  2. To hold fast; to cling to; to cherish. We hug deformities if they bear our names. Glanvill.  3. (Naut.)  Defn: To keep close to; as, to hug the land; to hug the wind. To hug one's self, to congratulate one's self; to chuckle.  HUG Hug, n.  Defn: A close embrace or clasping with the arms, as in affection or in wrestling. Fuller. 
cows  Word is not found.
rub   Rub, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Rubbed; p. pr. & vb. n. Rubbing.] Etym: [Probably of Celtic origin; cf. W. rhwbiaw, gael. rub.]  1. To subject (a body) to the action of something moving over its surface with pressure and friction, especially to the action of something moving back and forth; as, to rub the flesh with the hand; to rub wood with sandpaper. It shall be expedient, after that body is cleaned, to rub the body with a coarse linen cloth. Sir T. Elyot.  2. To move over the surface of (a body) with pressure and friction; to graze; to chafe; as, the boat rubs the ground.  3. To cause (a body) to move with pressure and friction along a surface; as, to rub the hand over the body. Two bones rubbed hard against one another. Arbuthnot.  4. To spread a substance thinly over; to smear. The smoothed plank, . . . New rubbed with balm. Milton.  5. To scour; to burnish; to polish; to brighten; to cleanse; -- often with up or over; as, to rub up silver. The whole business of our redemption is to rub over the defaced copy of the creation. South.  6. To hinder; to cross; to thwart. [R.] 'T is the duke's pleasure, Whose disposition, all the world well knows, Will not be rubbed nor stopped. Shak. To rub down. (a) To clean by rubbing; to comb or curry; as, to down a horse. (b) To reduce or remove by rubbing; as, to rub down the rough points.  -- To rub off, to clean anything by rubbing; to separate by friction; as, to rub off rust.  -- To rub out, to remove or separate by friction; to erase; to obliterate; as, to rub out a mark or letter; to rub out a stain.  -- To rub up. (a) To burnish; to polish; to clean. (b) To excite; to awaken; to rouse to action; as, to rub up the memory.  RUB Rub, v. i.  1. To move along the surface of a body with pressure; to grate; as, a wheel rubs against the gatepost.  2. To fret; to chafe; as, to rub upon a sore.  3. To move or pass with difficulty; as, to rub through woods, as huntsmen; to rub through the world. To rub along or on, to go on with difficulty; as, they manage, with strict economy, to rub along. [Colloq.]  RUB Rub, n. Etym: [Cf. W. rhwb. See Rub, v,t,]  1. The act of rubbing; friction.  2. That which rubs; that which tends to hinder or obstruct motion or progress; hindrance; obstruction, an impediment; especially, a difficulty or obstruction hard to overcome; a pinch. Every rub is smoothed on our way. Shak. To sleep, perchance to dream; ay, there's the rub. Shak. Upon this rub, the English ambassadors thought fit to demur. Hayward. One knows not, certainly, what other rubs might have been ordained for us by a wise Providence. W. Besant.  3. Inequality of surface, as of the ground in the game of bowls; unevenness. Shak.  4. Something grating to the feelings; sarcasm; joke; as, a hard rub.  5. Imperfection; failing; fault. [Obs.] Beau. & Fl.  6. A chance. [Obs.] Flight shall leave no Greek a rub. Chapman.  7. A stone, commonly flat, used to sharpen cutting tools; a whetstone; -- called also rubstone. Rub iron, an iron guard on a wagon body, against which a wheel rubs when cramped too much.  RUBA-DUB Rub"a-dub, n.  Defn: The sound of a drum when continuously beaten; hence, a clamorous, repeated sound; a clatter. The rubadub of the abolition presses. D. Webster. 
share   Share, n. Etym: [OE. schar, AS. scear; akin to OHG. scaro, G. schar, pflugshar, and E. shear, v. See Shear.]  1. The part (usually an iron or steel plate) of a plow which cuts the ground at the bottom of a furrow; a plowshare.  2. The part which opens the ground for the reception of the seed, in a machine for sowing seed. Knight.  SHARE Share, n. Etym: [OE. share, AS. scearu, scaru, fr. sceran to shear, cut. See Shear, v.]  1. A certain quantity; a portion; a part; a division; as, a small share of prudence.  2. Especially, the part allotted or belonging to one, of any property or interest owned by a number; a portion among others; an apportioned lot; an allotment; a dividend. "My share of fame." Dryden.  3. Hence, one of a certain number of equal portions into which any property or invested capital is divided; as, a ship owned in ten shares.  4. The pubes; the sharebone. [Obs.] Holland. To go shares, to partake; to be equally concerned.  -- Share and share alike, in equal shares.  SHARE Share, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Shared; p. pr. & vb. n. Sharing.]  1. To part among two or more; to distribute in portions; to divide. Suppose I share my fortune equally between my children and a stranger. Swift.  2. To partake of, use, or experience, with others; to have a portion of; to take and possess in common; as, to share a shelter with another. While avarice and rapine share the land. Milton.  3. To cut; to shear; to cleave; to divide. [Obs.] The shared visage hangs on equal sides. Dryden.  SHARE Share, v. i.  Defn: To have part; to receive a portion; to partake, enjoy, or suffer with others. A right of inheritance gave every one a title to share in the goods of his father. Locke. 
pocket   Pock"et, n. Etym: [OE. poket, Prov. F. & OF. poquette, F. pochette, dim. fr. poque, pouque, F. poche; probably of Teutonic origin. See Poke a pocket, and cf. Poach to cook eggs, to plunder, and Pouch.]  1. A bag or pouch; especially; a small bag inserted in a garment for carrying small articles, particularly money; hence, figuratively, money; wealth.  2. One of several bags attached to a billiard table, into which the balls are driven.  3. A large bag or sack used in packing various articles, as ginger, hops, cowries, etc.  Note: In the wool or hop trade, the pocket contains half sack, or about 168 Ibs.; but it is a variable quantity, the articles being sold by actual weight.  4. (Arch.)  Defn: A hole or space covered by a movable piece of board, as in a floor, boxing, partitions, or the like.  5. (Mining.) (a) A cavity in a rock containing a nugget of gold, or other mineral; a small body of ore contained in such a cavity. (b) A hole containing water.  6. (Nat.)  Defn: A strip of canvas, sewn upon a sail so that a batten or a light spar can placed in the interspace.  7. (Zoöl.)  Defn: Same as Pouch.  Note: Pocket is often used adjectively, or in the formation of compound words usually of obvious signification; as, pocket comb, pocket compass, pocket edition, pocket handkerchief, pocket money, pocket picking, or pocket-picking, etc. Out of pocket. See under Out, prep.  -- Pocket borough, a borough "owned" by some person. See under Borough. [Eng.] -- Pocket gopher (Zoöl.), any one of several species of American rodents of the genera Geomys, and Thomomys, family Geomydæ. They have large external cheek pouches, and are fossorial in their habits. they inhabit North America, from the Mississippi Valley west to the Pacific. Called also pouched gopher.  -- Pocket mouse (Zoöl.), any species of American mice of the family Saccomyidæ. They have external cheek pouches. Some of them are adapted for leaping (genus Dipadomys), and are called kangaroo mice. They are native of the Southwestern United States, Mexico, etc.  -- Pocket piece, a piece of money kept in the pocket and not spent.  -- Pocket pistol, a pistol to be carried in the pocket.  -- Pocket sheriff (Eng. Law), a sheriff appointed by the sole authority of the crown, without a nomination by the judges in the exchequer. Burrill. deep pocket, or deep pockets, wealth or substantial financial assets.  Note: Used esp. in legal actions, where plaintiffs desire to find a defendant with "deep pockets", so as to be able to actually obtain the sum of damages which may be judged due to him. This contrasts with a "judgment-proof" defendant, one who has neither assets nor insurance, and against whom a judgment for monetary damages would be worthless.  POCKET Pock"et, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Pocketed; p. pr. & vb. n. Pocketing.]  1. To put, or conceal, in the pocket; as, to pocket the change. He would pocket the expense of the license. Sterne.  2. To take clandestinely or fraudulently. He pocketed pay in the names of men who had long been dead. Macaulay. To pocket a ball (Billiards), to drive a ball into a pocket of the table.  -- To pocket an insult, affront, etc., to receive an affront without open resentment, or without seeking redress. "I must pocket up these wrongs." Shak. 
vigorous   Vig"or*ous, a. Etym: [Cf. OF. vigoros, F. vigoureux, LL. vigorosus.]  1. Possessing vigor; full of physical or mental strength or active force; strong; lusty; robust; as, a vigorous youth; a vigorous plant. Famed for his valor, young, At sea successful, vigorous and strong. Waller.  2. Exhibiting strength, either of body or mind; powerful; strong; forcible; energetic; as, vigorous exertions; a vigorous prosecution of a war. The beginnings of confederacies have been always vigorous and successful. Davenant. -- Vig"or*ous*ly, adv.  -- Vig"or*ous*ness, n. 
periodic   Per`i*od"ic, a. Etym: [Pref. per- + iodic.] (Chem.)  Defn: Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, the highest oxygen acid (HIO  PERIODIC; PERIODICAL Pe`ri*od"ic, Pe`ri*od"ic*al, a. Etym: [L. periodicus, Gr. périodique.]  1. Of or pertaining to a period or periods, or to division by periods. The periodicaltimes of all the satellites. Sir J. Herschel.  2. Performed in a period, or regular revolution; proceeding in a series of successive circuits; as, the periodical motion of the planets round the sun.  3. Happening, by revolution, at a stated time; returning regularly, after a certain period of time; acting, happening, or appearing, at fixed intervals; recurring; as, periodical epidemics. The periodic return of a plant's flowering. Henslow. To influence opinion through the periodical press. Courthope.  4. (Rhet.)  Defn: Of or pertaining to a period; constituting a complete sentence. Periodic comet (Astron.), a comet that moves about the sun in an elliptic orbit; a comet that has been seen at two of its approaches to the sun.  -- Periodic function (Math.), a function whose values recur at fixed intervals as the variable uniformly increases. The trigonomertic functions, as sin x, tan x, etc., are periodic functions. Exponential functions are also periodic, having an imaginary period, and the elliptic functions have not only a real but an imaginary period, and are hence called doubly periodic.  -- Periodic law (Chem.), the generalization that the properties of the chemical elements are periodic functions of their atomic wieghts. "In other words, if the elements are grouped in the order of their atomic weights, it will be found that nearly the same properties recur periodically throughout the entire series." The following tabular arrangement of the atomic weights shows the regular recurrence of groups (under I., II., III., IV., etc.), each consisting of members of the same natural family. The gaps in the table indicate the probable existence of unknown elements. TABLE OF THE PERIODIC LAW OF THE CHEMICAL ELEMENTS (The vertical columns contain the periodic groups) Series1{ 2{ 3{ 4{ 5{ 6{ 7{ 8{ 9{ 10{ 11{ 12{ --------------------------------------------------------- -----|I. II. III. IV. V. VI. VII. VIII. | RH4 RH3 RH3 RH |R2O RO R3O3 RO2 R2O5 RO3 R2O7 RO4 ----------------------------------------------- ---------------H 1 Li 7 Na 23 K 39 (Cu) 63 Rb 85.2 (Ag) (108) Cs 133 (-) (-) (Au) (197) (-) ---------------------------------------------- -------------------  Note: A similar relation had been enunciated in a crude way by Newlands; but the law in its effective form was developed and elaborated by Mendelejeff, whence it is sometimes called Mendelejeff's law. Important extensions of it were also made by L. Meyer. By this means Mendelejeff predicted with remarkable accuracy the hypothetical elements ekaboron, ekaluminium, and ekasilicon, afterwards discovered and named respectively scandium, gallium, and germanium.  -- Periodic star (Astron.), a variable star whose changes of brightness recur at fixed periods.  -- Periodic time of a heavenly body (Astron.), the time of a complete revolution of the body about the sun, or of a satellite about its primary. 
hypnotic   Hyp*not"ic, a. Etym: [Gr. somnus, and E. somnolent: cf. F. hypnotique.]  1. Having the quality of producing sleep; tending to produce sleep; soporific.  2. Of or pertaining to hypnotism; in a state of hypnotism; liable to hypnotism; as, a hypnotic condition.  HYPNOTIC Hyp*not"ic, n.  1. Any agent that produces, or tends to produce, sleep; an opiate; a soporific; a narcotic.  2. A person who exhibits the phenomena of, or is subject to, hypnotism. 
zesty  
shallow   Shal"low, a. [Compar. Shallower; superl. Shallowest.] Etym: [OE. schalowe, probably originally, sloping or shelving; cf. Icel. skjalgr wry, squinting, AS. sceolh, D. & G. scheel, OHG. schelah. Cf. Shelve to slope, Shoal shallow.]  1. Not deep; having little depth; shoal. "Shallow brooks, and rivers wide." Milton.  2. Not deep in tone. [R.] The sound perfecter and not so shallow and jarring. Bacon.  3. Not intellectually deep; not profound; not penetrating deeply; simple; not wise or knowing; ignorant; superficial; as, a shallow mind; shallow learning. The king was neither so shallow, nor so ill advertised, as not to perceive the intention of the French king. Bacon. Deep versed in books, and shallow in himself. Milton.  SHALLOW Shal"low, n.  1. A place in a body of water where the water is not deep; a shoal; a flat; a shelf. A swift stream is not heard in the channel, but upon shallows of gravel. Bacon. Dashed on the shallows of the moving sand. Dryden.  2. (Zoöl.)  Defn: The rudd. [Prov. Eng.]  SHALLOW Shal"low, v. t.  Defn: To make shallow. Sir T. Browne.  SHALLOW Shal"low, v. i.  Defn: To become shallow, as water.  SHALLOW-BODIED Shal"low-bod`ied, a. (Naut.)  Defn: Having a moderate depth of hold; -- said of a vessel.  SHALLOW-BRAINED Shal"low-brained`, a.  Defn: Weak in intellect; foolish; empty-headed. South.  SHALLOW-HEARTED Shal"low-heart`ed, a.  Defn: Incapable of deep feeling. Tennyson. 
accurate   Ac"cu*rate, a. Etym: [L. accuratus, p. p. and a., fr. accurare to take care of; ad + curare to take care, cura care. See Cure.]  1. In exact or careful conformity to truth, or to some standard of requirement, the result of care or pains; free from failure, error, or defect; exact; as, an accurate calculator; an accurate measure; accurate expression, knowledge, etc.  2. Precisely fixed; executed with care; careful. [Obs.] Those conceive the celestial bodies have more accurate influences upon these things below. Bacon.  Syn.  -- Correct; exact; just; nice; particular.  -- Accurate, Correct, Exact, Precise. We speak of a thing as correct with reference to some rule or standard of comparison; as, a correct account, a correct likeness, a man of correct deportment. We speak of a thing as accurate with reference to the care bestowed upon its execution, and the increased correctness to be expected therefrom; as, an accurate statement, an accurate detail of particulars. We speak of a thing as exact with reference to that perfected state of a thing in which there is no defect and no redundance; as, an exact coincidence, the exact truth, an exact likeness. We speak of a thing as precise when we think of it as strictly conformed to some rule or model, as if cut down thereto; as a precise conformity instructions; precisely right; he was very precise in giving his directions. 
smell   Smell, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Smelled, Smelt (; p. pr. & vb. n. Smelling.] Etym: [OE. smellen, smillen, smullen; cf. LG. smellen, smelen, smölen, schmelen, to smoke, to reek, D. smeulen to smolder, and E. smolder. Cf. Smell, n.]  1. To perceive by the olfactory nerves, or organs of smell; to have a sensation of, excited through the nasal organs when affected by the appropriate materials or qualities; to obtain the scent of; as, to smell a rose; to smell perfumes.  2. To detect or perceive, as if by the sense of smell; to scent out; -- often with out. "I smell a device." Shak. Can you smell him out by that Shak.  3. To give heed to. [Obs.] From that time forward I began to smellthe Word of God, and forsook the school doctors. Latimer. To smell a rat, to have a sense of something wrong, not clearly evident; to have reason for suspicion. [Colloq.] -- To smell out, to find out by sagacity. [Colloq.]  SMELL Smell, v. i.  1. To affect the olfactory nerves; to have an odor or scent; -- often followed by of; as, to smell of smoke, or of musk.  2. To have a particular tincture or smack of any quality; to savor; as, a report smells of calumny. Praises in an enemy are superfluous, or smell of craft. Milton.  3. To exercise the sense of smell. Ex. xxx. 38.  4. To exercise sagacity. Shak.  SMELL Smell, n. Etym: [OE. smel, smil, smul, smeol. See Smell, v. t.] (Physiol.)  1. The sense or faculty by which certain qualities of bodies are perceived through the instrumentally of the olfactory nerves. See Sense.  2. The quality of any thing or substance, or emanation therefrom, which affects the olfactory organs; odor; scent; fragrance; perfume; as, the smell of mint. Breathing the smell of field and grove. Milton. That which, above all others, yields the sweetest smell in the air, is the violent. Bacon.  Syn.  -- Scent; odor; perfume; fragrance. 
labored   La"bored, a.  Defn: Bearing marks of labor and effort; elaborately wrought; not easy or natural; as, labored poetry; a labored style. 
envious   En"vi*ous, a. Etym: [OF. envios, F. envieux, fr. L. invidiosus, fr. invidia envy. See Envy, and cf. Invidious.]  1. Malignant; mischievous; spiteful. [Obs.] Each envious brier his weary legs doth scratch. Shak.  2. Feeling or exhibiting envy; actuated or directed by, or proceeding from, envy; -- said of a person, disposition, feeling, act, etc.; jealously pained by the excellence or good fortune of another; maliciously grudging; -- followed by of, at, and against; as, an envious man, disposition, attack; envious tongues. My soul is envious of mine eye. Keble. Neither be thou envious at the wicked. Prov. xxiv. 19.  3. Inspiring envy. [Obs. or Poetic] He to him leapt, and that same envious gage Of victor's glory from him snatched away. Spenser.  4. Excessively careful; cautious. [Obs.] No men are so envious of their health. Jer. Taylor. -- En"vi*ous*ly, adv.  -- En"vi*ous*ness, n. 
surprise   Sur*prise", n. Etym: [F. surprise, fr. surprendre, surpris; sur over + prendre to take, L. prehendere. See Sur-, and Prehensile.]  1. The act of coming upon, or taking, unawares; the act of seizing unexpectedly; surprisal; as, the fort was taken by surprise.  2. The state of being surprised, or taken unawares, by some act or event which could not reasonably be foreseen; emotion excited by what is sudden and strange; a suddenly excited feeling of wonder or astonishment. Pure surprise and fear Made me to quit the house. Shak.  3. Anything that causes such a state or emotion.  4. A dish covered with a crust of raised paste, but with no other contents. [Obs.] King. Surprise party, a party of persons who assemble by mutual agreement, and without invitation, at the house of a common friend. [U.S.] Bartlett.  Syn.  -- Wonder; astonishment; amazement.  SURPRISE Sur*prise", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Surprised; p. pr. & vb. n. Surprising.] Etym: [From Surprise, n.: cf. F. surprendre, p.p. surpris.]  1. To come or fall suddenly and unexpectedly; to take unawares; to seize or capture by unexpected attack. Fearfulness hath surprised the hypocrites. Isa. xxxiii. 14. The castle of Macduff I will surprise. Shak. Who can speak The mingled passions that surprised his heart Thomson.  2. To strike with wonder, astonishment, or confusion, by something sudden, unexpected, or remarkable; to confound; as, his conduct surprised me. I am surprised with an uncouth fear. Shak. Up he starts, Discovered and surprised. Milton.  3. To lead (one) to do suddenly and without forethought; to bring (one) into some unexpected state; -- with into; as, to be surprised into an indiscretion; to be surprised into generosity.  4. To hold possession of; to hold. [Obs.] Not with me, That in my hands surprise the sovereignity. J. Webster.  Syn.  -- See Astonish. 
stove   Stove,  Defn: imp. of Stave.  STOVE Stove, n. Etym: [D. stoof a foot stove, originally, a heated room, a room for a bath; akin to G. stube room, OHG. stuba a heated room, AS. stofe, Icel. stofa a room, bathing room, Sw. stufva, stuga, a room, Dan. stue; of unknown origin. Cf. Estufa, Stew, Stufa.]  1. A house or room artificially warmed or heated; a forcing house, or hothouse; a drying room; -- formerly, designating an artificially warmed dwelling or room, a parlor, or a bathroom, but now restricted, in this sense, to heated houses or rooms used for horticultural purposes or in the processes of the arts. When most of the waiters were commanded away to their supper, the parlor or stove being nearly emptied, in came a company of musketeers. Earl of Strafford. How tedious is it to them that live in stoves and caves half a year together, as in Iceland, Muscovy, or under the pole! Burton.  2. An apparatus, consisting essentially of a receptacle for fuel, made of iron, brick, stone, or tiles, and variously constructed, in which fire is made or kept for warming a room or a house, or for culinary or other purposes. Cooking stove, a stove with an oven, opening for pots, kettles, and the like, -- used for cooking.  -- Dry stove. See under Dry.  -- Foot stove. See under Foot.  -- Franklin stove. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Stove plant (Bot.), a plant which requires artificial heat to make it grow in cold or cold temperate climates.  -- Stove plate, thin iron castings for the parts of stoves.  STOVE Stove, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stoved; p. pr. & vb. n. Stoving.]  1. To keep warm, in a house or room, by artificial heat; as, to stove orange trees. Bacon.  2. To heat or dry, as in a stove; as, to stove feathers. 
absorbing   Ab*sorb"ing, a.  Defn: Swallowing, engrossing; as, an absorbing pursuit.  -- Ab*sorb"ing, adv. 
bless   Bless, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Blessed or Blest; p. pr. & vb. n. Blessing.] Etym: [OE. blessien, bletsen, AS. bletsian, bledsian, bloedsian, fr. bl blood; prob. originally to consecrate by sprinkling with blood. See Blood.]  1. To make or pronounce holy; to consecrate And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it. Gen. ii. 3.  2. To make happy, blithesome, or joyous; to confer prosperity or happiness upon; to grant divine favor to. The quality of mercy is . . . twice blest; It blesseth him that gives and him that takes. Shak. It hath pleased thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may continue forever before thee. 1 Chron. xvii. 27 (R. V. )  3. To express a wish or prayer for the happiness of; to invoke a blessing upon; -- applied to persons. Bless them which persecute you. Rom. xii. 14.  4. To invoke or confer beneficial attributes or qualities upon; to invoke or confer a blessing on, -- as on food. Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them. Luke ix. 16.  5. To make the sign of the cross upon; to cross (one's self). [Archaic] Holinshed.  6. To guard; to keep; to protect. [Obs.]  7. To praise, or glorify; to extol for excellences. Bless the Lord, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Ps. ciii. 1.  8. To esteem or account happy; to felicitate. The nations shall bless themselves in him. Jer. iv. 3.  9. To wave; to brandish. [Obs.] And burning blades about their heads do bless. Spenser. Round his armed head his trenchant blade he blest. Fairfax.  Note: This is an old sense of the word, supposed by Johnson, Nares, and others, to have been derived from the old rite of blessing a field by directing the hands to all parts of it. "In drawing [their bow] some fetch such a compass as though they would turn about and bless all the field." Ascham.  Bless me! Bless us! an exclamation of surprise. Milton.  -- To bless from, to secure, defend, or preserve from. "Bless me from marrying a usurer." Shak. To bless the doors from nightly harm. Milton. -- To bless with, To be blessed with, to favor or endow with; to be favored or endowed with; as, God blesses us with health; we are blessed with happiness. 
easy   Eas"y, a. [Compar. Easier; superl. Easiest.] Etym: [OF. aisié, F. aisé, prop. p. p. of OF. aisier. See Ease, v. t.]  1. At ease; free from pain, trouble, or constraint; as: (a) Free from pain, distress, toil, exertion, and the like; quiet; as, the patient is easy. (b) Free from care, responsibility, discontent, and the like; not anxious; tranquil; as, an easy mind. (c) Free from constraint, harshness, or formality; unconstrained; smooth; as, easy manners; an easy style. "The easy vigor of a line." Pope.  2. Not causing, or attended with, pain or disquiet, or much exertion; affording ease or rest; as, an easy carriage; a ship having an easy motion; easy movements, as in dancing. "Easy ways to die." Shak.  3. Not difficult; requiring little labor or effort; slight; inconsiderable; as, an easy task; an easy victory. It were an easy leap. Shak.  4. Causing ease; giving freedom from care or labor; furnishing comfort; commodious; as, easy circumstances; an easy chair or cushion.  5. Not making resistance or showing unwillingness; tractable; yielding; complying; ready. He gained their easy hearts. Dryden. He is too tyrannical to be an easy monarch. Sir W. Scott.  6. Moderate; sparing; frugal. [Obs.] Chaucer.  7. (Com.)  Defn: Not straitened as to money matters; as, the market is easy; -- opposed to tight. Honors are easy (Card Playing), said when each side has an equal number of honors, in which case they are not counted as points.  Syn.  -- Quiet; comfortable; manageable; tranquil; calm; facile; unconcerned.  EASY-CHAIR Eas"y-chair`, n.  Defn: An armichair for ease or repose. "Laugh . . . in Rabelais' easy-chair." Pope.  EASY-GOING Eas"y-go`ing, a.  Defn: Moving easily; hence, mild-tempered; ease-loving; inactive. 
glistening  
tacit   Tac"it, a. Etym: [L. tacitus, p.p. of tacere to be silent, to pass over in silence; akin to Goth. to be silent, Icel. , OHG. dagen: cf. F. tacite. Cf. Reticent.]  Defn: Done or made in silence; implied, but not expressed; silent; as, tacit consent is consent by silence, or by not interposing an objection.  -- Tac"it*ly, adv. The tacit and secret theft of abusing our brother in civil contracts. Jer. Taylor. 
permissible   Per*mis"si*ble, a.  Defn: That may be permitted; allowable; admissible.  -- Per*mis"si*ble*ness, n.  -- Per*mis"si*bly, adv. 
mixed   Mixed, a.  Defn: Formed by mixing; united; mingled; blended. See Mix, v. t. & i. Mixed action (Law), a suit combining the properties of a real and a personal action.  -- Mixed angle, a mixtilineal angle.  -- Mixed fabric, a textile fabric composed of two or more kinds of fiber, as a poplin.  -- Mixed marriage, a marriage between persons of different races or religions; specifically, one between a Roman Catholic and a Protestant.  -- Mixed number, a whole number and a fraction taken together.  -- Mixed train, a railway train containing both passenger and freight cars.  -- Mixed voices (Mus.), voices of both males and females united in the same performance. 
calculator   Cal"cu*la*tor, n. Etym: [L.: cf. F. calculateur.]  Defn: One who computes or reckons: one who estimates or considers the force and effect of causes, with a view to form a correct estimate of the effects. Ambition is no exact calculator. Burke. 
thankful   Thank"ful, a. Etym: [AS. Þancfull.]  1. Obtaining or deserving thanks; thankworthy. [R.] Ladies, look here; this is the thankful glass That mends the looker's eyes; this is the well That washes what it shows. Herbert.  2. Impressed with a sense of kindness received, and ready to acknowledge it; grateful. Be thankful unto him, and bless his name. Ps. c. 4. -- Thank"ful*ly, adv.  -- Thank"ful*ness, n. 
friendly   Friend"ly, a. Etym: [AS. freéndlice.]  1. Having the temper and disposition of a friend; disposed to promote the good of another; kind; favorable.  2. Appropriate to, or implying, friendship; befitting friends; amicable. In friendly relations with his moderate opponents. Macaulay.  3. Not hostile; as, a friendly power or state.  4. Promoting the good of any person; favorable; propitious; serviceable; as, a friendly breeze or gale. On the first friendly bank he throws him down. Addison.  Syn.  -- Amicable; kind; conciliatory; propitious; favorable. See Amicable.  FRIENDLY Friend"ly, adv.  Defn: In the manner of friends; amicably; like friends. [Obs.] Shak. In whom all graces that can perfect beauty Are friendly met. Beau. & Fl. 
fear   Fear, n.  Defn: A variant of Fere, a mate, a companion. [Obs.] Spenser.  FEAR Fear, n. Etym: [OE. fer, feer, fere, AS. f a coming suddenly upon, fear, danger; akin to D. vaar, OHG. fara danger, G. gefahr, Icel. far harm, mischief, plague, and to E. fare, peril. See Fare.]  1. A painful emotion or passion excited by the expectation of evil, or the apprehension of impending danger; apprehension; anxiety; solicitude; alarm; dread.  Note: The degrees of this passion, beginning with the most moderate, may be thus expressed, -- apprehension, fear, dread, fright, terror. Fear is an uneasiness of the mind, upon the thought of future evil likely to befall us. Locke. Where no hope is left, is left no fear. Milton.  2. (Script.) (a) Apprehension of incurring, or solicitude to avoid, God's wrath; the trembling and awful reverence felt toward the Supreme Belng. (b) Respectful reverence for men of authority or worth. I will put my fear in their hearts. Jer. xxxii. 40. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. Ps. xxxiv. 11. render therefore to all their dues; tribute to whom tribute is due . . . fear to whom fear. Rom. xiii. 7.  3. That which causes, or which is the object of, apprehension or alarm; source or occasion of terror; danger; dreadfulness. There were they in great fear, where no fear was. Ps. liii. 5. The fear of your adventure would counsel you to a more equal enterprise. Shak. For fear, in apprehension lest. "For fear you ne'er see chain nor money more." Shak.  FEAR Fear, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Feared; p. pr. & vb. n. Fearing.] Etym: [OE. feren, faeren, to frighten, to be afraid, AS. fFear, n.]  1. To feel a painful apprehension of; to be afraid of; to consider or expect with emotion of alarm or solicitude. I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Ps. xxiii. 4.  Note: With subordinate clause. I greatly fear my money is not safe. Shak. I almost fear to quit your hand. D. Jerrold.  2. To have a reverential awe of; to solicitous to avoid the displeasure of. Leave them to God above; him serve and fear. Milton.  3. To be anxious or solicitous for. [R.] The sins of the father are to be laid upon the children, therefore . . . I fear you. Shak.  4. To suspect; to doubt. [Obs.] Ay what else, fear you not her courage Shak.  5. To affright; to terrify; to drive away or prevent approach of by fear. z2 fera their people from doing evil. Robynsin (More's utopia). Tush, tush! fear boys with bugs. Shak.  Syn.  -- To apprehend; drad; reverence; venerate.  FEAR Fear, v. i.  Defn: To be in apprehension of evil; to be afraid; to feel anxiety on account of some expected evil. I exceedingly fear and quake. Heb. xii. 21. 
list   List, n. Etym: [F. lice, LL. liciae, pl., from L. licium thread, girdle.]  Defn: A line inclosing or forming the extremity of a piece of ground, or field of combat; hence, in the plural (lists), the ground or field inclosed for a race or combat. Chaucer. In measured lists to toss the weighty lance. Pope. To enter the lists, to accept a challenge, or engage in contest.  LIST List, v. t.  Defn: To inclose for combat; as, to list a field.  LIST List, v. i. Etym: [See Listen.]  Defn: To hearken; to attend; to listen. [Obs. except in poetry.] Stand close, and list to him. Shak.  LIST List, v. t.  Defn: To listen or hearken to. Then weigh what loss your honor may sustain, If with too credent ear you list his songs. Shak.  LIST List, v. i. Etym: [OE. listen, lusten, AS. lystan, from lust pleasure. See Lust.]  1. To desire or choose; to please. The wind bloweth where it listeth. John iii. 8. Them that add to the Word of God what them listeth. Hooker. Let other men think of your devices as they list. Whitgift.  2. (Naut.)  Defn: To lean; to incline; as, the ship lists to port.  LIST List, n.  1. Inclination; desire. [Obs.] Chaucer.  2. (Naut.)  Defn: An inclination to one side; as, the ship has a list to starboard.  LIST List, n. Etym: [AS. list a list of cloth; akin to D. lijst, G. leiste, OHG. lista,Icel. lista, listi, Sw. list, Dan. liste. In sense 5 from F. liste, of German origin, and thus ultimately the same word.]  1. A strip forming the woven border or selvedge of cloth, particularly of broadcloth, and serving to strengthen it; hence, a strip of cloth; a fillet. " Gartered with a red and blue list. "  Shak.  2. A limit or boundary; a border. The very list, the very utmost bound, Of all our fortunes. Shak.  3. The lobe of the ear; the ear itself. [Obs.] Chaucer.  4. A stripe. [Obs.] Sir T. Browne.  5. A roll or catalogue, that is row or line; a record of names; as, a list of names, books, articles; a list of ratable estate. He was the ablest emperor of all the list. Bacon.  6. (Arch.)  Defn: A little square molding; a fillet; -- called also listel.  7. (Carp.)  Defn: A narrow strip of wood, esp. sapwood, cut from the edge of a plank or board.  8. (Rope Making)  Defn: A piece of woolen cloth with which the yarns are grasped by a workman.  9. (Tin-plate Manuf.) (a) The first thin coat of tin. (b) A wirelike rim of tin left on an edge of the plate after it is coated. Civil list (Great Britain & U.S.), the civil officers of government, as judges, ambassadors, secretaries, etc. Hence, the revenues or appropriations of public money for the support of the civil officers. More recently, the civil list, in England, embraces only the expenses of the reigning monarch's household. Free list. (a) A list of articles admitted to a country free of duty. (b) A list of persons admitted to any entertainment, as a theater or opera, without payment, or to whom a periodical, or the like, is furnished without cost.  Syn.  -- Roll; catalogue; register; inventory; schedule.  -- List, Boll, Catalogue, Register, Inventory, Schedule. Alist is properly a simple series of names, etc., in a brief form, such as might naturally be entered in a narrow strip of paper. A roll was originally a list containing the names of persons belonging to a public body (as Parliament, etc.), which was rolled up and laid aside among its archives. A catalogue is a list of persons or things arranged in order, and usually containing some description of the same, more or less extended. A register is designed for record or preservation. An inventory is a list of articles, found on hand in a store of goods, or in the estate of a deceased person, or under similar circumstances. A schedule is a formal list or inventory prepared for legal or business purposes.  LIST List, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Listed; p. pr. & vb. n. Listing.] Etym: [From list a roll.]  1. To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colors, or form a border. Sir H. Wotton.  2. To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on; as, to list a door; to stripe as if with list. The tree that stood white-listed through the gloom. Tennyson.  3. To enroll; to place or register in a list. Listed among the upper serving men. Milton.  4. To engage, as a soldier; to enlist. I will list you for my soldier. Sir W. Scott.  5. (Carp.)  Defn: To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of; as, to list a board. To list a stock (Stock Exchange), to put it in the list of stocks called at the meeting of the board.  LIST List, v. i.  Defn: To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist. 
brass   Brass, n.; pl. Brasses. Etym: [OE. bras, bres, AS. bræs; akin to Icel. bras cement, solder, brasa to harden by fire, and to E. braze, brazen. Cf. 1st & 2d Braze.]  1. An alloy (usually yellow) of copper and zinc, in variable proportion, but often containing two parts of copper to one part of zinc. It sometimes contains tin, and rarely other metals.  2. (Mach.)  Defn: A journal bearing, so called because frequently made of brass. A brass is often lined with a softer metal, when the latter is generally called a white metal lining. See Axle box, Journal Box, and Bearing.  3. Coin made of copper, brass, or bronze. [Obs.] Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses, nor scrip for your journey. Matt. x. 9.  4. Impudence; a brazen face. [Colloq.]  5. pl.  Defn: Utensils, ornaments, or other articles of brass. The very scullion who cleans the brasses. Hopkinson.  6. A brass plate engraved with a figure or device. Specifically, one used as a memorial to the dead, and generally having the portrait, coat of arms, etc.  7. pl. (Mining)  Defn: Lumps of pyrites or sulphuret of iron, the color of which is near to that of brass.  Note: The word brass as used in Sculpture language is a translation for copper or some kind of bronze.  Note: Brass is often used adjectively or in self-explaining compounds; as, brass button, brass kettle, brass founder, brass foundry or brassfoundry. Brass band (Mus.), a band of musicians who play upon wind instruments made of brass, as trumpets, cornets, etc.  -- Brass foil, Brass leaf, brass made into very thin sheets; -- called also Dutch gold. 
caring  Word is not found.
stamp   Stamp v. t. [imp. & p. p. Stamped; p. pr. & vb. n. Stamping.] Etym: [OE. stampen; akin to LG. & D. stampen, G. stampfen, OHG. stanpf, Dan. stampe, Sw. stampa, Icel. stappa, G. stampf a pestle and E. step. See Step, v. i., and cf. Stampede.]  1. To strike beat, or press forcibly with the bottom of the foot, or by thrusting the foot downward. Shak. He frets, he fumes, he stares, he stamps the ground. Dryden.  2. To bring down (the foot) forcibly on the ground or floor; as, he stamped his foot with rage.  3. To crush; to pulverize; specifically (Metal.), to crush by the blow of a heavy stamp, as ore in a mill. I took your sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and ground it very small. Deut. ix. 21.  4. To impress with some mark or figure; as, to stamp a plate with arms or initials.  5. Fig.: To impress; to imprint; to fix deeply; as, to stamp virtuous principles on the heart. God . . . has stamped no original characters on our minds wherein we may read his being. Locke.  6. To cut out, bend, or indent, as paper, sheet metal, etc., into various forms, by a blow or suddenly applied pressure with a stamp or die, etc.; to mint; to coin.  7. To put a stamp on, as for postage; as, to stamp a letter; to stamp a legal document. To stamp out, to put an end to by sudden and energetic action; to extinguish; as, to stamp out a rebellion.  STAMP Stamp, v. i.  1. To strike; to beat; to crush. These cooks how they stamp and strain and grind. Chaucer.  2. To strike the foot forcibly downward. But starts, exclaims, and stamps, and raves, and dies. dennis.  STAMP Stamp, n.  1. The act of stamping, as with the foot.  2. The which stamps; any instrument for making impressions on other bodies, as a die. 'T is gold so pure It can not bear the stamp without alloy. Dryden.  3. The mark made by stamping; a mark imprinted; an impression. That sacred name gives ornament and grace, And, like his stamp, makes basest metals pass. Dryden.  4. that which is marked; a thing stamped. hanging a golden stamp about their necks. Shak.  5. Etym: [F. estampe, of german origin. See Stamp, v. t.]  Defn: A picture cut in wood or metal, or made by impression; a cut; a plate. [Obs.] At Venice they put out very curious stamps of the several edifices which are most famous for their beauty and magnificence. Addison.  6. An offical mark set upon things chargeable with a duty or tax to government, as evidence that the duty or tax is paid; as, the stamp on a bill of exchange.  7. Hence, a stamped or printed device, issued by the government at a fixed price, and required by law to be affixed to, or stamped on, certain papers, as evidence that the government dues are paid; as, a postage stamp; a receipt stamp, etc.  8. An instrument for cutting out, or shaping, materials, as paper, leather, etc., by a downward pressure.  9. A character or reputation, good or bad, fixed on anything as if by an imprinted mark; current value; authority; as, these persons have the stamp of dishonesty; the Scriptures bear the stamp of a divine origin. Of the same stamp is that which is obtruded on us, that an adamant suspends the attraction of the loadstone. Sir T. Browne.  10. Make; cast; form; character; as, a man of the same stamp, or of a different stamp. A soldier of this season's stamp. Shak.  11. A kind of heavy hammer, or pestle, raised by water or steam power, for beating ores to powder; anything like a pestle, used for pounding or bathing.  12. A half-penny. [Obs.] au. & Fl.  13. pl.  Defn: Money, esp. paper money. [Slang, U.S.] Stamp act, an act of the British Parliament [1765] imposing a duty on all paper, vellum, and parchment used in the American colonies, and declaring all writings on unstamped materials to be null an void.  -- Stamp collector, an officer who receives or collects stamp duties; one who collects postage or other stamps.  -- Stamp duty, a duty, or tax, imposed on paper and parchment used for certain writings, as deeds, conveyances, etc., the evidence of the payment of the duty or tax being a stamp. [Eng.] -- Stamp hammer, a hammer, worked by power, which rises and falls vertically, like a stamp in a stamp mill.  -- Stamp head, a heavy mass of metal, forming the head or lower end of a bar, which is lifted and let fall, in a stamp mill.  -- Stamp mill (Mining), a mill in which ore is crushed with stamps; also, a machine for stamping ore.  -- Stamp note, a stamped certificate from a customhouse officer, which allows goods to be received by the captain of a ship as freight. [Eng.] -- Stamp office, an office for the issue of stamps and the reception of stamp duties. 
lame   Lame, a. [Compar. Lamer; superl. Lamest.] Etym: [OE. lame, AS. lama; akin to D. lam, G. lahm,OHG., Dan., & Sw. lam, Icel. lami, Russ. lomate to break, lomota rheumatism.]  1. (a) Moving with pain or difficulty on account of injury, defect, or temporary obstruction of a function; as, a lame leg, arm, or muscle. (b) To some degree disabled by reason of the imperfect action of a limb; crippled; as, a lame man. "Lame of one leg." Arbuthnot. "Lame in both his feet." 2 Sam. ix. 13. "He fell, and became lame." 2 Sam. iv. 4.  2. Hence, hobbling; limping; inefficient; imperfect. "A lame endeavor." Barrow. O, most lame and impotent conclusion! Shak. Lame duck (stock Exchange), a person who can not fulfill his contracts. [Cant]  LAME Lame, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Lamed; p. pr. & vb. n. Laming.]  Defn: To make lame. If you happen to let child fall and lame it. Swift. 
flap   Flap, n. Etym: [OE. flappe, flap, blow, bly-flap; cf. D. flap, and E. flap, v.]  Defn: Anything broad and limber that hangs loose, or that is attached by one side or end and is easily moved; as, the flap of a garment. A cartilaginous flap upon the opening of the larynx. Sir T. Browne.  2. A hinged leaf, as of a table or shutter.  3. The motion of anything broad and loose, or a stroke or sound made with it; as, the flap of a sail or of a wing.  4. pl. (Far.)  Defn: A disease in the lips of horses. Flap tile, a tile with a bent up portion, to turn a corner or catch a drip.  -- Flap valve (Mech.), a valve which opens and shuts upon one hinged side; a clack valve.  FLAP Flap, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Flapped; p. pr. & vb. n. Flapping.] Etym: [Prob. of imitative origin; cf. D. flappen, E. flap, n., flop, flippant, fillip.]  1. To beat with a flap; to strike. Yet let me flap this bug with gilded wings. Pope.  2. To move, as something broad and flaplike; as, to flap the wings; to let fall, as the brim of a hat. To flap in the mouth, to taunt. [Obs.] W. Cartwright.  FLAP Flap, v. i.  1. To move as do wings, or as something broad or loose; to fly with wings beating the air. The crows flapped over by twos and threes. Lowell.  2. To fall and hang like a flap, as the brim of a hat, or other broad thing. Gay. 
ashamed   A*shamed", a. Etym: [Orig. a p. p. of ashame, v. t.]  Defn: Affected by shame; abashed or confused by guilt, or a conviction or consciousness of some wrong action or impropriety. "I am ashamed to beg." Wyclif. All that forsake thee shall be ashamed. Jer. xvii. 13. I began to be ashamed of sitting idle. Johnson. Enough to make us ashamed of our species. Macaulay. An ashamed person can hardly endure to meet the gaze of those present. Darwin.  Note: Ashamed seldom precedes the noun or pronoun it qualifies. By a Hebraism, it is sometimes used in the Bible to mean disappointed, or defeated. 
puffy   Puff"y, a.  1. Swelled with air, or any soft matter; tumid with a soft substance; bloated; fleshy; as, a puffy tumor. " A very stout, puffy man." Thackeray.  2. Hence, inflated; bombastic; as, a puffy style. 
flag   Flag, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Flagged; p. pr. & vb. n. Flagging.] Etym: [Cf. Icel. flaka to droop, hang loosely. Cf. Flacker, Flag an ensign.]  1. To hang loose without stiffness; to bend down, as flexible bodies; to be loose, yielding, limp. As loose it [the sail] flagged around the mast. T. Moore.  2. To droop; to grow spiritless; to lose vigor; to languish; as, the spirits flag; the streugth flags. The pleasures of the town begin to flag. Swift.  Syn.  -- To droop; decline; fail; languish; pine.  FLAG Flag, v. t.  1. To let droop; to suffer to fall, or let fall, into feebleness; as, to flag the wings. prior.  2. To enervate; to exhaust the vigor or elasticity of. Nothing so flags the spirits. Echard.  FLAG Flag, n. Etym: [Cf. LG. & G. flagge, Sw. flagg, Dan. flag, D. vlag. See Flag to hang loose.]  1. That which flags or hangs down loosely.  2. A cloth usually bearing a device or devices and used to indicate nationality, party, etc., or to give or ask information; -- commonly attached to a staff to be waved by the wind; a standard; a banner; an ensign; the colors; as, the national flag; a military or a naval flag.  3. (Zoöl.) (a) A group of feathers on the lower part of the legs of certain hawks, owls, etc. (b) A group of elongated wing feathers in certain hawks. (c) The bushy tail of a dog, as of a setter. Black flag. See under Black.  -- Flag captain, Flag leutenant, etc., special officers attached to the flagship, as aids to the flag officer.  -- Flag officer, the commander of a fleet or squadron; an admiral, or commodore.  -- Flag of truse, a white flag carried or displayed to an enemy, as an invitation to conference, or for the purpose of making some communication not hostile.  -- Flag share, the flag officer's share of prize money.  -- Flag station (Railroad), a station at which trains do not stop unless signaled to do so, by a flag hung out or waved.  -- National flag, a flag of a particular country, on which some national emblem or device, is emblazoned.  -- Red flag, a flag of a red color, displayed as a signal of danger or token of defiance; the emblem of anarchists.  -- To dip, the flag, to mlower it and quickly restore it to its place; -- done as a mark of respect.  -- To hang out the white flag, to ask truce or quarter, or, in some cases, to manifest a friendly design by exhibiting a white flag.  -- To hang the flag half-mast high or half-staff, to raise it only half way to the mast or staff, as a token or sign of mourning.  -- To strike, or lower, the flag, to haul it down, in token of respect, submission, or, in an engagement, of surrender.  -- Yellow flag, the quarantine flag of all nations; also carried at a vessel's fore, to denote that an infectious disease is on board.  FLAG Flag, v. t. Etym: [From Flag an ensign.]  1. To signal to with a flag; as, to flag a train.  2. To convey, as a message, by means of flag signals; as, to flag an order to troops or vessels at a distance.  FLAG Flag, n. Etym: [From Flag to hang loose, to bend down.] (Bot.)  Defn: An aquatic plant, with long, ensiform leaves, belonging to either of the genera Iris and Acorus. Cooper's flag, the cat-tail (Typha latifolia), the long leaves of which are placed between the staves of barrels to make the latter water-tight.  -- Corn flag. See under 2d Corn.  -- Flag broom, a coarse of broom, originally made of flags or rushes.  -- Flag root, the root of the sweet flag.  -- Sweet flag. See Calamus, n., 2.  FLAG Flag, v. t.  Defn: To furnish or deck out with flags.  FLAG Flag, n. Etym: [Icel. flaga, cf. Icel. flag spot where a turf has been cut out, and E. flake layer, scale. Cf. Floe.]  1. A flat stone used for paving. Woodward.  2. (Geol.)  Defn: Any hard, evenly stratified sandstone, which splits into layers suitable for flagstones.  FLAG Flag, v. t.  Defn: To lay with flags of flat stones. The sides and floor are all flagged with . . . marble. Sandys. 
grape   Grape, n. Etym: [OF. grape, crape, bunch or cluster of grapes, F. grappe, akin to F. grappin grapnel, hook; fr. OHG. chrapfo hook, G. krapfen, akin to E. cramp. The sense seems to have come from the idea of clutching. Cf. Agraffe, Cramp, Grapnel, Grapple.]  1. (Bot.)  Defn: A well-known edible berry growing in pendent clusters or bunches on the grapevine. The berries are smooth-skinned, have a juicy pulp, and are cultivated in great quantities for table use and for making wine and raisins.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: The plant which bears this fruit; the grapevine.  3. (Man.)  Defn: A mangy tumor on the leg of a horse.  4. (Mil.)  Defn: Grapeshot. Grape borer. (Zoöl.) See Vine borer.  -- Grape curculio (Zoöl.), a minute black weevil (Craponius inæqualis) which in the larval state eats the interior of grapes.  -- Grape flower, or Grape hyacinth (Bot.), a liliaceous plant (Muscari racemosum) with small blue globular flowers in a dense raceme.  -- Grape fungus (Bot.), a fungus (Oidium Tuckeri) on grapevines; vine mildew.  -- Grape hopper (Zoöl.), a Small yellow and red hemipterous insect, often very injurious to the leaves of the grapevine.  -- Grape moth (Zoöl.), a small moth (Eudemis botrana), which in the larval state eats the interior of grapes, and often binds them together with silk.  -- Grape of a cannon, the cascabel or knob at the breech.  -- Grape sugar. See Glucose.  -- Grape worm (Zoöl.), the larva of the grape moth.  -- Soar grapes, things which persons affect to despise because they can not possess them; -- in allusion to  GRAPE FRUIT Grape" fruit`.  Defn: The shaddock. 
meal   Meal, n. Etym: [OE. mele, AS. m part, portion, portion of time; akin to E. meal a repast. Cf. Piecemeal.]  Defn: A part; a fragment; a portion. [Obs.]  MEAL Meal, n. Etym: [OE. mel; akin to E. meal a part, and to D. maal time, meal, G. mal time, mahl meal, Icel. mal measure, time, meal, Goth. m time, and to E. measure. See Measure.]  Defn: The portion of food taken at a particular time for the satisfaction of appetite; the quantity usually taken at one time with the purpose of satisfying hunger; a repast; the acas, the traveler has not eaten a good meal for a week; there was silence during the meal. What strange fish Hath made his meal on thee Shak.  MEAL Meal, n. Etym: [OE. mele, AS. melu, melo; akin to D. meel, G. mehl, OHG. melo, Icel. mjöl, SW. mjöl, Dan. meel, also to D. malen to grind, G. mahlen, OHG., OS., & Goth. malan, Icel. mala, W. malu, L. molere, Gr. mill. Mill, Mold soil, Mole an animal, Immolate, Molar.]  1. Grain (esp. maize, rye, or oats) that is coarsely ground and unbolted; also, a kind of flour made from beans, pease, etc.; sometimes, any flour, esp. if coarse.  2. Any substance that is coarsely pulverized like meal, but not granulated. Meal beetle (Zoöl.), the adult of the meal worm. See Meal worm, below.  -- Meal moth (Zoöl.), a lepidopterous insect (Asopia farinalis), the larvæ of which feed upon meal, flour, etc.  -- Meal worm (Zoöl.), the larva of a beetle (Tenebrio molitor) which infests granaries, bakehouses, etc., and is very injurious to flour and meal.  MEAL Meal, v. t.  1. To sprinkle with, or as with, meal. Shak.  2. To pulverize; as, mealed powder. 
functional   Func"tion*al, a.  1. Pertaining to, or connected with, a function or duty; official.  2. (Physiol.)  Defn: Pertaining to the function of an organ or part, or to the functions in general. Functional disease (Med.), a disease of which the symptoms cannot be referred to any appreciable lesion or change of structure; the derangement of an organ arising from a cause, often unknown, external to itself opposed to organic disease, in which the organ itself is affected. 
stroke   Stroke, obs. imp. of Strike.  Defn: Struck.  STROKE Stroke, n. Etym: [OE. strok, strook, strak, fr. striken. See Strike, v. t.]  1. The act of striking; a blow; a hit; a knock; esp., a violent or hostile attack made with the arm or hand, or with an instrument or weapon. His hand fetcheth a stroke with the ax to cut down the tree. Deut. xix. 5. A fool's lips enter into contention and his mouth calleth for strokes. Prov. xviii. 6. He entered and won the whole kingdom of Naples without striking a stroke. Bacon.  2. The result of effect of a striking; injury or affliction; soreness. In the day that Lord bindeth up the breach of his people, and healeth the stroke of their wound. Isa. xxx. 26.  3. The striking of the clock to tell the hour. Well, but what's o'clock - Upon the stroke of ten.  -- Well, let is strike. Shak.  4. A gentle, caressing touch or movement upon something; a stroking. Dryden.  5. A mark or dash in writing or printing; a line; the touch of a pen or pencil; as, an up stroke; a firm stroke. O, lasting as those colors may they shine, Free as thy stroke, yet faultless as thy line. Pope.  6. Hence, by extension, an addition or amandment to a written composition; a touch; as, to give some finishing strokes to an essay. Addison.  7. A sudden attack of disease; especially, a fatal attack; a severe disaster; any affliction or calamity, especially a sudden one; as, a stroke of apoplexy; the stroke of death. At this one stroke the man looked dead in law. Harte.  8. A throb or beat, as of the heart. Tennyson.  9. One of a series of beats or movements against a resisting medium, by means of which movement through or upon it is accomplished; as, the stroke of a bird's wing in flying, or an oar in rowing, of a skater, swimmer, etc.; also: (Rowing) (a) The rate of succession of stroke; as, a quick stroke. (b) The oar nearest the stern of a boat, by which the other oars are guided; -- called also stroke oar. (c) The rower who pulls the stroke oar; the strokesman.  10. A powerful or sudden effort by which something is done, produced, or accomplished; also, something done or accomplished by such an effort; as, a stroke of genius; a stroke of business; a master stroke of policy.  11. (Mach.)  Defn: The movement, in either direction, of the piston plunger, piston rod, crosshead, etc., as of a steam engine or a pump, in which these parts have a reciprocating motion; as, the forward stroke of a piston; also, the entire distance passed through, as by a piston, in such a movement; as, the piston is at half stroke.  Note: The respective strokes are distinguished as up and down strokes, outward and inward strokes, forward and back strokes, the forward stroke in stationary steam engines being toward the crosshead, but in locomotives toward the front of the vehicle.  12. Power; influence. [Obs.] "Where money beareth [hath] all the stroke." Robynson (More's Utopia). He has a great stroke with the reader. Dryden.  13. Appetite. [Obs.] Swift. To keep stroke, to make strokes in unison. The oars where silver, Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke. Shak.  STROKE Stroke, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Strokeed; p. pr. & vb. n. Strokeing.] Etym: [OE. stroken, straken, AS. stracian, fr. strican to go over, pass. See Strike, v. t., and cf. Straggle.]  1. To strike. [Obs.] Ye mote with the plat sword again Stroken him in the wound, and it will close. Chaucer.  2. To rib gently in one direction; especially, to pass the hand gently over by way of expressing kindness or tenderness; to caress; to soothe. He dried the falling drops, and, yet more kind, He stroked her cheeks. Dryden.  3. To make smooth by rubbing. Longfellow.  4. (Masonry)  Defn: To give a finely fluted surface to.  5. To row the stroke oar of; as, to stroke a boat. 
massive   Mass"ive, a. Etym: [F. massif.]  1. Forming, or consisting of, a large mass; compacted; weighty; heavy; massy. "Massive armor." Dr. H. More.  2. (Min.)  Defn: In mass; not necessarily without a crystalline structure, but having no regular form; as, a mineral occurs massive. Massive rock (Geol.), a compact crystalline rock not distinctly schistone, as granite; also, with some authors, an eruptive rock. 
brash   Brash, a. Etym: [Cf. Gael. bras or G. barsch harsh, sharp, tart, impetuous, D. barsch, Sw. & Dan. barsk.]  Defn: Hasty in temper; impetuous. Grose.  BRASH Brash, a. Etym: [Cf. Amer. bresk, brusk, fragile, brittle.]  Defn: Brittle, as wood or vegetables. [Colloq., U. S.] Bartlett.  BRASH Brash, n. Etym: [See Brash brittle.]  1. A rash or eruption; a sudden or transient fit of sickness.  2. Refuse boughs of trees; also, the clippings of hedges. [Prov. Eng.] Wright.  3. (Geol.)  Defn: Broken and angular fragments of rocks underlying alluvial deposits. Lyell.  4. Broken fragments of ice. Kane. Water brash (Med.), an affection characterized by a spasmodic pain or hot sensation in the stomach with a rising of watery liquid into the mouth; pyrosis.  -- Weaning brash (Med.), a severe form of diarrhea which sometimes attacks children just weaned. 
nose   Nose, n. Etym: [AS. nosu; akin to D. neus, G. nase, OHG. nasa, Icel. nös, Sw. näsa, Dan. näse, Lith. nosis, Russ. nos', L. nasus, nares, Skr. nasa, nas. Nasal, Nasturtium, Naze, Nostril, Nozzle.]  1. (Anat.)  Defn: The prominent part of the face or anterior extremity of the head containing the nostrils and olfactory cavities; the olfactory organ. See Nostril, and Olfactory organ under Olfactory.  2. The power of smelling; hence, scent. We are not offended with a dog for a better nose than his master. Collier.  3. A projecting end or beak at the front of an object; a snout; a nozzle; a spout; as, the nose of a bellows; the nose of a teakettle. Nose bit (Carp.), a bit similar to a gouge bit, but having a cutting edge on one side of its boring end.  -- Nose hammer (Mach.), a frontal hammer.  -- Nose hole (Glass Making), a small opening in a furnace, before which a globe of crown glass is held and kept soft at the beginning of the flattening process.  -- Nose key (Carp.), a fox wedge.  -- Nose leaf (Zoöl.), a thin, broad, membranous fold of skin on the nose of many species of bats. It varies greatly in size and form.  -- Nose of wax, fig., a person who is pliant and easily influenced. "A nose of wax to be turned every way." Massinger -- Nose piece, the nozzle of a pipe, hose, bellows, etc.; the end piece of a microscope body, to which an objective is attached.  -- To hold, put, or bring one's nose to the grindstone. See under Grindstone.  -- To lead by the nose, to lead at pleasure, or to cause to follow submissively; to lead blindly, as a person leads a beast. Shak.  -- To put one's nose out of joint, to humiliate one's pride, esp. by supplanting one in the affections of another. [Slang] -- To thrust one's nose into, to meddle officiously in.  -- To wipe one's nose of, to deprive of; to rob. [Slang]  NOSE Nose, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Nosed; p. pr. & vb. n. Nosing.]  1. To smell; to scent; hence, to track, or trace out.  2. To touch with the nose; to push the nose into or against; hence, to interfere with; to treat insolently. Lambs . . . nosing the mother's udder. Tennyson. A sort of national convention, dubious in its nature . . . nosed Parliament in the very seat of its authority. Burke.  3. To utter in a nasal manner; to pronounce with a nasal twang; as, to nose a prayer. [R.] Cowley.  NOSE Nose (noz), v. i.  1. To smell; to sniff; to scent. Audubon.  2. To pry officiously into what does not concern one. 
sign   Sign, n. Etym: [F. signe, L. signum; cf. AS. segen, segn, a sign, standard, banner, also fr. L. signum. Cf. Ensign, Resign, Seal a stamp, Signal, Signet.]  Defn: That by which anything is made known or represented; that which furnishes evidence; a mark; a token; an indication; a proof. Specifically: (a) A remarkable event, considered by the ancients as indicating the will of some deity; a prodigy; an omen. (b) An event considered by the Jews as indicating the divine will, or as manifesting an interposition of the divine power for some special end; a miracle; a wonder. Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God. Rom. xv. 19. It shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign. Ex. iv. 8.  (c) Something serving to indicate the existence, or preserve the memory, of a thing; a token; a memorial; a monument. What time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men, and they became a sign. Num. xxvi. 10.  (d) Any symbol or emblem which prefigures, typifles, or represents, an idea; a type; hence, sometimes, a picture. The holy symbols, or signs, are not barely significative; but what they represent is as certainly delivered to us as the symbols themselves. Brerewood. Saint George of Merry England, the sign of victory. Spenser.  (e) A word or a character regarded as the outward manifestation of thought; as, words are the sign of ideas. (f) A motion, an action, or a gesture by which a thought is expressed, or a command or a wish made known. They made signs to his father, how he would have him called. Luke i. 62.  (g) Hence, one of the gestures of pantomime, or of a language of a signs such as those used by the North American Indians, or those used by the deaf and dumb.  Note: Educaters of the deaf distinguish between natural signs, which serve for communicating ideas, and methodical, or systematic, signs, adapted for the dictation, or the rendering, of written language, word by word; and thus the signs are to be distinguished from the manual alphabet, by which words are spelled on the fingers. (h) A military emblem carried on a banner or a standard. Milton. (i) A lettered board, or other conspicuous notice, placed upon or before a building, room, shop, or office to advertise the business there transacted, or the name of the person or firm carrying it on; a publicly displayed token or notice. The shops were, therefore, distinguished by painted signs, which gave a gay and grotesque aspect to the streets. Macaulay. (j) (Astron.)  Defn: The twelfth part of the ecliptic or zodiac.  Note: The signs are reckoned from the point of intersection of the ecliptic and equator at the vernal equinox, and are named, respectively, Aries (Taurus (Gemini (II), Cancer (Leo (Virgo (Libra (Scorpio (Sagittarius (Capricornus (Aquarius (Pisces ( (k) (Alg.) A character indicating the relation of quantities, or an operation performed upon them; as, the sign + (plus); the sign -- (minus); the sign of division ÷, and the like. (l) (Med.) An objective evidence of disease; that is, one appreciable by some one other than the patient.  Note: The terms symptom and and sign are often used synonymously; but they may be discriminated. A sign differs from a symptom in that the latter is perceived only by the patient himself. The term sign is often further restricted to the purely local evidences of disease afforded by direct examination of the organs involved, as distinguished from those evidence of general disturbance afforded by observation of the temperature, pulse, etc. In this sense it is often called physical sign. (m) (Mus.) Any character, as a flat, sharp, dot, etc. (n) (Theol.) That which, being external, stands for, or signifies, something internal or spiritual; -- a term used in the Church of England in speaking of an ordinance considered with reference to that which it represents. An outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace. Bk. of Common Prayer.  Note: See the Table of Arbitrary Signs, p. 1924. Sign manual. (a) (Eng. Law) The royal signature superscribed at the top of bills of grants and letter patent, which are then sealed with the privy signet or great seal, as the case may be, to complete their validity. (b) The signature of one's name in one's own handwriting. Craig. Tomlins. Wharton.  Syn.  -- Token; mark; note; symptom; indication; signal; symbol; type; omen; prognostic; presage; manifestation. See Emblem.  SIGN Sign, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Signed; p. pr. & vb. n. Signing.] Etym: [OE. seinen to bless, originally, to make the sign of the cross over; in this sense fr. ASS. segnian (from segn, n.), or OF. seignier, F. signer, to mark, to sign (in sense 3), fr. L. signare to mark, set a mark upon, from signum. See Sign, n.]  1. To represent by a sign; to make known in a typical or emblematic manner, in distinction from speech; to signify. I signed to Browne to make his retreat. Sir W. Scott.  2. To make a sign upon; to mark with a sign. We receive this child into the congregation of Christ's flock, and do sign him with the sign of the cross. Bk. of Com Prayer.  3. To affix a signature to; to ratify by hand or seal; to subscribe in one's own handwriting. Inquire the Jew's house out, give him this deed, And let him sign it. Shak.  4. To assign or convey formally; -- used with away.  5. To mark; to make distinguishable. Shak.  SIGN Sign, v. i.  1. To be a sign or omen. [Obs.] Shak.  2. To make a sign or signal; to communicate directions or intelligence by signs.  3. To write one's name, esp. as a token of assent, responsibility, or obligation. 
memorise  Word is not found.
six   Six, a. Etym: [AS. six, seox, siex; akin to OFries. sex, D. zes, OS. & OHG. sehs, G. sechs, Icel., Sw., & Dan. sex, Goth. saíhs, Lith. szeszi, Russ. sheste, Gael. & Ir. se, W. chwech, L. sex, Gr. shesh, Skr. shash. sq. root304. Cf. Hexagon, Hexameter, Samite, Senary, Sextant, Sice.]  Defn: One more than five; twice three; as, six yards. Six Nations (Ethnol.), a confederation of North American Indians formed by the union of the Tuscaroras and the Five Nations.  -- Six points circle. (Geom.) See Nine points circle, under Nine.  SIX Six, n.  1. The number greater by a unit than five; the sum of three and three; six units or objects.  2. A symbol representing six units, as 6, vi., or VI. To be at six and seven or at sixes and sevens, to be in disorder. Bacon. Shak. Swift. 
float   Float, n.Etym: [OE. flote ship, boat, fleet, AS. flota ship, fr. fleótan to float; akin to D. vloot fleet, G. floss raft, Icel. floti float, raft, fleet, Sw. flotta. sq. root 84. See Fleet, v. i., and cf. Flotilla, Flotsam, Plover.]  1. Anything which floats or rests on the surface of a fluid, as to sustain weight, or to indicate the height of the surface, or mark the place of, something. Specifically: (a) A mass of timber or boards fastened together, and conveyed down a stream by the current; a raft. (b) The hollow, metallic ball of a self-acting faucet, which floats upon the water in a cistern or boiler. (c) The cork or quill used in angling, to support the bait line, and indicate the bite of a fish. (d) Anything used to buoy up whatever is liable to sink; an inflated bag or pillow used by persons learning to swim; a life preserver. This reform bill . . . had been used as a float by the conservative ministry. J. P. Peters.  2. A float board. See Float board (below).  3. (Tempering)  Defn: A contrivance for affording a copious stream of water to the heated surface of an object of large bulk, as an anvil or die. Knight.  4. The act of flowing; flux; flow. [Obs.] Bacon.  5. A quantity of earth, eighteen feet square and one foot deep. [Obs.] Mortimer.  6. (Plastering)  Defn: The trowel or tool with which the floated coat of plastering is leveled and smoothed.  7. A polishing block used in marble working; a runner. Knight.  8. A single-cut file for smoothing; a tool used by shoemakers for rasping off pegs inside a shoe.  9. A coal cart. [Eng.] Simmonds.  10. The sea; a wave. See Flote, n. Float board, one of the boards fixed radially to the rim of an undershot water wheel or of a steamer's paddle wheel; -- a vane.  -- Float case (Naut.), a caisson used for lifting a ship.  -- Float copper or gold (Mining), fine particles of metallic copper or of gold suspended in water, and thus liable to be lost.  -- Float ore, water-worn particles of ore; fragments of vein material found on the surface, away from the vein outcrop. Raymond.  -- Float stone (Arch.), a siliceous stone used to rub stonework or brickwork to a smooth surface.  -- Float valve, a valve or cock acted upon by a float. See Float, 1 (b).  FLOAT Float, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Floated; p. pr. & vb. n. Floating.] Etym: [OE. flotien, flotten, AS. flotian to float, swim, fr. fleótan. See Float, n.]  1. To rest on the surface of any fluid; to swim; to be buoyed up. The ark no more now floats, but seems on ground. Milton. Three blustering nights, borne by the southern blast, I floated. Dryden.  2. To move quietly or gently on the water, as a raft; to drift along; to move or glide without effort or impulse on the surface of a fluid, or through the air. They stretch their broad plumes and float upon the wind. Pope. There seems a floating whisper on the hills. Byron.  FLOAT Float, v. t.  1. To cause to float; to cause to rest or move on the surface of a fluid; as, the tide floated the ship into the harbor. Had floated that bell on the Inchcape rock. Southey.  2. To flood; to overflow; to cover with water. Proud Pactolus floats the fruitful lands. Dryden.  3. (Plastering)  Defn: To pass over and level the surface of with a float while the plastering is kept wet.  4. To support and sustain the credit of, as a commercial scheme or a joint-stock company, so as to enable 
rule   Rule, n. Etym: [OE. reule, riule, OF. riule, reule, F. régle, fr. L. regula a ruler, rule, model, fr. regere, rectum, to lead straight, to direct. See Right, a., and cf. Regular.]  1. That which is prescribed or laid down as a guide for conduct or action; a governing direction for a specific purpose; an authoritative enactment; a regulation; a prescription; a precept; as, the rules of various societies; the rules governing a school; a rule of etiquette or propriety; the rules of cricket. We profess to have embraced a religion which contains the most exact rules for the government of our lives. Tillotson.  2. Hence: (a) Uniform or established course of things. 'T is against the rule of nature. Shak.  (b) Systematic method or practice; as, my ule is to rise at six o'clock. (c) Ordibary course of procedure; usual way; comon state or condition of things; as, it is a rule to which there are many exeptions. (d) Conduct in general; behavior. [Obs.] This uncivil rule; she shall know of it. Shak.  3. The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control. Obey them that have the rule over you. Heb. xiii. 17. His stern rule the groaning land obeyed. Pope.  4. (Law)  Defn: An order regulating the practice of the courts, or an order made between parties to an action or a suit. Wharton.  5. (Math.)  Defn: A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result; as, a rule for extracting the cube root.  6. (Gram.)  Defn: A general principle concerning the formation or use of words, or a concise statement thereof; thus, it is a rule in England, that s or es , added to a noun in the singular number, forms the plural of that noun; but "man" forms its plural "men", and is an exception to the rule.  7. (a) A straight strip of wood, metal, or the like, which serves as a guide in drawing a straight line; a ruler. (b) A measuring instrument consisting of a graduated bar of wood, ivory, metal, or the like, which is usually marked so as to show inches and fractions of an inch, and jointed so that it may be folded compactly. A judicious artist will use his eye, but he will trust only to his rule. South.  8. (Print.) (a) A thin plate of metal (usually brass) of the same height as the type, and used for printing lines, as between columns on the same page, or in tabular work. (b) A composing rule. See under Conposing. As a rule, as a general thing; in the main; usually; as, he behaves well, as a rule.  -- Board rule, Caliber rule,etc. See under Board, Caliber, etc.  -- Rule joint, a knuckle joint having shoulders that abut when the connected pieces come in line with each other, and thus permit folding in one direction only.  -- Rule of three (Arith.), that rule which directs, when three terms are given, how to find a fourth, which shall have the same ratio to the third term as the second has to the first; proportion. See Proportion, 5 (b).  -- Rule of thumb, any rude process or operation, like that of using the thumb as a rule in measuring; hence, judgment and practical experience as distinguished from scientific knowledge.  Syn.  -- regulation; law; precept; maxim; guide; canon; order; method; direction; control; government; sway; empire.  RULE Rule, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Ruled; p. pr. & vb. n. Ruling.] Etym: [Cf. OF. riuler, ruiler, L. regulare. See Rule, n., and cf. Regulate.]  1. To control the will and actions of; to exercise authority or dominion over; to govern; to manage. Chaucer. A bishop then must be blameless; . . . one that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection. 1 Tim. iii. 2, 4.  2. To control or direct by influence, counsel, or persuasion; to guide; -- used chiefly in the passive. I think she will be ruled In all respects by me. Shak.  3. To establish or settle by, or as by, a rule; to fix by universal or general consent, or by common practice. That's are ruled case with the schoolmen. Atterbury.  4. (Law)  Defn: To require or command by rule; to give as a direction or order of court.  5. To mark with lines made with a pen, pencil, etc., guided by a rule or ruler; to print or mark with lines by means of a rule or other contrivance effecting a similar result; as, to rule a sheet of paper of a blank book. Ruled surface (Geom.), any surface that may be described by a straight line moving according to a given law; -- called also a scroll.  RULE Rule, v. i.  1. To have power or command; to exercise supreme authority; -- often followed by over. By me princes rule, and nobles. Prov. viii. 16. We subdue and rule over all other creatures. Ray.  2. (Law)  Defn: To lay down and settle a rule or order of court; to decide an incidental point; to enter a rule. Burril. Bouvier.  3. (Com.)  Defn: To keep within a (certain) range for a time; to be in general, or as a rule; as, prices ruled lower yesterday than the day before. 
nut   Nut, n. Etym: [OE. nute, note, AS. hnutu; akin to D. noot, G. nuss, OHG. nuz, Icel. hnot, Sw. nöt, Dan. nöd.]  1. (Bot.)  Defn: The fruit of certain trees and shrubs (as of the almond, walnut, hickory, beech, filbert, etc.), consisting of a hard and indehiscent shell inclosing a kernel.  2. A perforated block (usually a small piece of metal), provided with an internal or female screw thread, used on a bolt, or screw, for tightening or holding something, or for transmitting motion. See Illust. of lst Bolt.  3. The tumbler of a gunlock. Knight.  4. (Naut.)  Defn: A projection on each side of the shank of an anchor, to secure the stock in place. Check nut, Jam nut, Lock nut, a nut which is screwed up tightly against another nut on the same bolt or screw, in order to prevent accidental unscrewing of the first nut.  -- Nut buoy. See under Buoy.  -- Nut coal, screened coal of a size smaller than stove coal and larger than pea coal; -- called also chestnut coal.  -- Nut crab (Zoöl.), any leucosoid crab of the genus Ebalia as, Ebalia tuberosa of Europe.  -- Nut grass (Bot.), a plant of the Sedge family (Cyperus rotundus, var. Hydra), which has slender rootstocks bearing small, nutlike tubers, by which the plant multiplies exceedingly, especially in cotton fields.  -- Nut lock, a device, as a metal plate bent up at the corners, to prevent a nut from becoming unscrewed, as by jarring.  -- Nut pine. (Bot.) See under Pine.  -- Nut rush (Bot.), a genus of cyperaceous plants (Scleria) having a hard bony achene. Several species are found in the United States and many more in tropical regions.  -- Nut tree, a tree that bears nuts.  -- Nut weevil (Zoöl.), any species of weevils of the genus Balaninus and other allied genera, which in the larval state live in nuts.  NUT Nut, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Nutted; p. pr. & vb. n. Nutting.]  Defn: To gather nuts. 
orange   Or"ange, n. Etym: [F.; cf. It. arancia, arancio, LL. arangia, Sp. naranjia, Pg. laranja; all fr. Ar. naranj, Per. naranj, narang; cf. Skr. naranga orange tree. The o- in F. orange is due to confusion with or gold, L. aurum, because the orange resembles gold in color.]  1. The fruit of a tree of the genus Citrus (C. Aurantium). It is usually round, and consists of pulpy carpels, commonly ten in number, inclosed in a leathery rind, which is easily separable, and is reddish yellow when ripe.  Note: There are numerous varieties of oranges; as, the bitter orange, which is supposed to be the original stock; the navel orange, which has the rudiment of a second orange imbedded in the top of the fruit; the blood orange, with a reddish juice; and the horned orange, in which the carpels are partly separated.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: The tree that bears oranges; the orange tree.  3. The color of an orange; reddish yellow. Mandarin orange. See Mandarin.  -- Mock orange (Bot.), any species of shrubs of the genus Philadelphus, which have whitish and often fragrant blossoms.  -- Native orange, or Orange thorn (Bot.), an Australian shrub (Citriobatus parviflorus); also, its edible yellow berries.  -- Orange bird (Zoöl.), a tanager of Jamaica (Tanagra zena); -- so called from its bright orange breast.  -- Orange cowry (Zoöl.), a large, handsome cowry (Cypræa aurantia), highly valued by collectors of shells on account of its rarity.  -- Orange grass (Bot.), an inconspicuous annual American plant (Hypericum Sarothra), having minute, deep yellow flowers.  -- Orange oil (Chem.), an oily, terpenelike substance obtained from orange rind, and distinct from neroli oil, which is obtained from the flowers.  -- Orange pekoe, a kind of black tea.  -- Orange pippin, an orange-colored apple with acid flavor.  -- Quito orange, the orangelike fruit of a shrubby species of nightshade (Solanum Quitoense), native in Quito.  -- Orange scale (Zoöl.) any species of scale insects which infests orange trees; especially, the purple scale (Mytilaspis citricola), the long scale (M. Gloveri), and the red scale (Aspidiotus Aurantii).  ORANGE Or"ange, a.  Defn: Of or pertaining to an orange; of the color of an orange; reddish yellow; as, an orange ribbon. 
earsplitting  
crush   Crush (krsh), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Crushed (krsht); p. pr. & vb. n. Crushing.] Etym: [OE. cruschen, crousshen, Of. cruisir, croissir, fr. LL. cruscire, prob. of Ger. origin, from a derivative of the word seen in Goth. kruistan to gnash; akin to Sw. krysta to squeeze, Dan. kryste, Icel. kreysta.]  1. To press or bruise between two hard bodies; to squeeze, so as to destroy the natural shape or integrity of the parts, or to force together into a mass; as, to crush grapes. Ye shall not offer unto the Lord that which is bruised, or crushed, or broken, or cut. Lev. xxii. 24. The ass . . . thrust herself unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall. Num. xxii. 25.  2. To reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding; to comminute; as, to crush quartz.  3. To overwhelm by pressure or weight; to beat or force down, as by an incumbent weight. To crush the pillars which the pile sustain. Dryden. Truth, crushed to earth, shall rise again. Bryant.  4. To oppress or burden grievously. Thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway. Deut. xxviii. 33.  5. To overcome completely; to subdue totally. Speedily overtaking and crushing the rebels. Sir. W. Scott. To crush a cup, to drink. [Obs.] -- To crush out. (a) To force out or separate by pressure, as juice from grapes. (b) To overcome or destroy completely; to suppress.  CRUSH Crush (krsh), v. i.  Defn: To be or become broken down or in, or pressed into a smaller compass, by external weight or force; as, an eggshell crushes easily.  CRUSH Crush, n.  1. A violent collision or compression; a crash; destruction; ruin. The wreck of matter, and the crush of worlds. Addison.  2. Violent pressure, as of a crowd; a crowd which produced uncomfortable pressure; as, a crush at a peception. Crush hat, a hat which collapses, and can be carried under the arm, and when expanded is held in shape by springs; hence, any hat not injured by compressing.  -- Crush room, a large room in a theater, opera house, etc., where the audience may promenade or converse during the intermissions; a foyer. Politics leave very little time for the bow window at White's in the day, or for the crush room of the opera at night. Macualay. 
whistle   Whis"tle, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Whistled; p. pr. & vb. n. Whistling.] Etym: [AS. hwistlian; akin to Sw. hvissla, Dan. hvisle, Icel. hvisla to whisper, and E. whisper. Whisper.]  1. To make a kind of musical sound, or series of sounds, by forcing the breath through a small orifice formed by contracting the lips; also, to emit a similar sound, or series of notes, from the mouth or beak, as birds. The weary plowman leaves the task of day, And, trudging homeward, whistles on the way. Gay.  2. To make a shrill sound with a wind or steam instrument, somewhat like that made with the lips; to blow a sharp, shrill tone.  3. To sound shrill, or like a pipe; to make a sharp, shrill sound; as, a bullet whistles through the air. The wild winds whistle, and the billows roar. Pope.  WHISTLE Whis"tle, v. t.  1. To form, utter, or modulate by whistling; as, to whistle a tune or an air.  2. To send, signal, or call by a whistle. He chanced to miss his dog; we stood still till he had whistled him up. Addison. To whistle off. (a) To dismiss by a whistle; -- a term in hawking. "AS a long-winged hawk when he is first whistled off the fist, mounts aloft." Burton. (b) Hence, in general, to turn loose; to abandon; to dismiss. I 'ld whistle her off, and let her down the wind To prey at fortune. Shak.  Note: "A hawk seems to have been usually sent off in this way, against the wind when sent in search of prey; with or down the wind, when turned loose, and abandoned." Nares.  WHISTLE Whis"tle, n. Etym: [AS. hwistle a pipe, flute, whistle. See Whistle, v. i.]  1. A sharp, shrill, more or less musical sound, made by forcing the breath through a small orifice of the lips, or through or instrument which gives a similar sound; the sound used by a sportsman in calling his dogs; the shrill note of a bird; as, the sharp whistle of a boy, or of a boatswain's pipe; the blackbird's mellow whistle. Might we but hear The folded flocks, penned in their wattled cotes, . . . Or whistle from the lodge. Milton. The countryman could not forbear smiling, . . . and by that means lost his whistle. Spectator. They fear his whistle, and forsake the seas. Dryden.  2. The shrill sound made by wind passing among trees or through crevices, or that made by bullet, or the like, passing rapidly through the air; the shrill noise (much used as a signal, etc.) made by steam or gas escaping through a small orifice, or impinging against the edge of a metallic bell or cup.  3. An instrument in which gas or steam forced into a cavity, or against a thin edge, produces a sound more or less like that made by one who whistles through the compressed lips; as, a child's whistle; a boatswain's whistle; a steam whistle (see Steam whistle, under Steam). The bells she jingled, and the whistle blew. Pope.  4. The mouth and throat; -- so called as being the organs of whistling. [Colloq.] So was her jolly whistle well ywet. Chaucer. Let's drink the other cup to wet our whistles. Walton. Whistle duck (Zoöl.), the American golden-eye. 
cold   Cold, a. [Compar. Colder; superl. Coldest.] Etym: [OE. cold, cald, AS. cald, ceald; akin to OS. kald, D. koud, G. kalt, Icel. kaldr, Dan. kold, Sw. kall, Goth. kalds, L. gelu frost, gelare to freeze. Orig. p. p. of AS. calan to be cold, Icel. kala to freeze. Cf. Cool, a., Chill, n.]  1. Deprived of heat, or having a low temperature; not warm or hot; gelid; frigid. "The snowy top of cold Olympis." Milton.  2. Lacking the sensation of warmth; suffering from the absence of heat; chilly; shivering; as, to be cold.  3. Not pungent or acrid. "Cold plants." Bacon  4. Wanting in ardor, intensity, warmth, zeal, or passion; spiritless; unconcerned; reserved. A cold and unconcerned spectator. T. Burnet. No cold relation is a zealous citizen. Burke.  5. Unwelcome; disagreeable; unsatisfactory. "Cold news for me." "Cold comfort." Shak.  6. Wanting in power to excite; dull; uninteresting. What a deal of cold business doth a man misspend the better part of life in! B. Jonson. The jest grows cold . . . when in comes on in a second scene. Addison.  7. Affecting the sense of smell (as of hunting dogs) but feebly; having lost its odor; as, a cold scent.  8. Not sensitive; not acute. Smell this business with a sense as cold As is a dead man's nose. Shak.  9. Distant; -- said, in the game of hunting for some object, of a seeker remote from the thing concealed.  10. (Paint.)  Defn: Having a bluish effect. Cf. Warm, 8. Cold abscess. See under Abscess.  -- Cold blast See under Blast, n., 2. Cold blood. See under Blood, n., 8.  -- Cold chill, an ague fit. Wright.  -- Cold chisel, a chisel of peculiar strength and hardness, for cutting cold metal. Weale.  -- Cold cream. See under Cream.  -- Cold slaw. See Cole slaw.  -- In cold blood, without excitement or passion; deliberately. He was slain in cold blood after thefight was over. Sir W. Scott. To give one the cold shoulder, to treat one with neglect.  Syn.  -- Gelid; bleak; frigid; chill; indifferent; unconcerned; passionless; reserved; unfeeling; stoical.  COLD Cold, n.  1. The relative absence of heat or warmth.  2. The sensation produced by the escape of heat; chilliness or chillness. When she saw her lord prepared to part, A deadly cold ran shivering to her heart. Dryden.  3. (Med.)  Defn: A morbid state of the animal system produced by exposure to cold or dampness; a catarrh. Cold sore (Med.), a vesicular eruption appearing about the mouth as the result of a cold, or in the course of any disease attended with fever.  -- To leave one out in the cold, to overlook or neglect him. [Colloq.] Cold, v. i.  Defn: To become cold. [Obs.] Chaucer.  COLD-BLOODED Cold"-blood`ed, a.  1. Having cold blood; -- said of fish or animals whose blood is but little warmer than the water or air about them.  2. Deficient in sensibility or feeling; hard-hearted.  3. Not thoroughbred; -- said of animals, as horses, which are derived from the common stock of a country. 
sisters  Word is not found.
same   Same, a. Etym: [AS. same. adv.; akin to OS. sama, samo, adv., OHG. sam, a., sama, adv., Icel. samr, a., Sw. samme, samma, Dan. samme, Goth. sama, Russ. samui, Gr. sama, Gr. simul at the same time, similis like, and E. some, a., -some. sq. root191. Cf. Anomalous, Assemble, Homeopathy, Homily, Seem, v. i., Semi-, Similar, Some.]  1. Not different or other; not another or others; identical; unchanged. Thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end. Ps. cii. 27.  2. Of like kind, species, sort, dimensions, or the like; not differing in character or in the quality or qualities compared; corresponding; not discordant; similar; like. The ethereal vigor is in all the same. Dryden.  3. Just mentioned, or just about to be mentioned. What ye know, the same do I know. Job. xiii. 2. Do but think how well the same he spends, Who spends his blood his country to relieve. Daniel.  Note: Same is commonly preceded by the, this, or that and is often used substantively as in the citations above. In a comparative use it is followed by as or with. Bees like the same odors as we do. Lubbock. [He] held the same political opinions with his illustrious friend. Macaulay. 
aberrant   Ab*er"rant, a. Etym: [L. aberrans, -rantis, p.pr. of aberrare.]  Defn: See Aberr.]  1. Wandering; straying from the right way.  2. (Biol.)  Defn: Deviating from the ordinary or natural type; exceptional; abnormal. The more aberrant any form is, the greater must have been the number of connecting forms which, on my theory, have been exterminated. Darwin. 
untidy   Un*ti"dy, a.  1. Unseasonable; untimely. [Obs.] "Untidy tales." Piers Plowman.  2. Not tidy or neat; slovenly.  -- Un*ti"di*ly, adv.  -- Un*ti"di*ness, n. 
dust   Dust, n. Etym: [AS. dust; cf. LG. dust, D. duist meal dust, OD. doest, donst, and G. dunst vapor, OHG. tunist, dunist, a blowing, wind, Icel. dust dust, Dan. dyst mill dust; perh. akin to L. fumus smoke, E. fume. .]  1. Fine, dry particles of earth or other matter, so comminuted that they may be raised and wafted by the wind; that which is crumbled too minute portions; fine powder; as, clouds of dust; bone dust. Dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return. Gen. iii. 19. Stop! -- for thy tread is on an empire's dust. Byron.  2. A single particle of earth or other matter. [R.] "To touch a dust of England's ground." Shak.  3. The earth, as the resting place of the dead. For now shall sleep in the dust. Job vii. 21.  4. The earthy remains of bodies once alive; the remains of the human body. And you may carve a shrine about my dust. Tennyson.  5. Figuratively, a worthless thing. And by the merit of vile gold, dross, dust. Shak.  6. Figuratively, a low or mean condition. [God] raiseth up the poor out of the dust. 1 Sam. ii. 8.  7. Gold dust; hence: (Slang)  Defn: Coined money; cash. Down with the dust, deposit the cash; pay down the money. [Slang] "My lord, quoth the king, presently deposit your hundred pounds in gold, or else no going hence all the days of your life. . . . The Abbot down with his dust, and glad he escaped so, returned to Reading." Fuller.  -- Dust brand (Bot.), a fungous plant (Ustilago Carbo); -- called also smut.  -- Gold dust, fine particles of gold, such as are obtained in placer mining; -- often used as money, being transferred by weight.  -- In dust and ashes. See under Ashes.  -- To bite the dust. See under Bite, v. t.  -- To raise, or kick up, dust, to make a commotion. [Colloq.] -- To throw dust in one's eyes, to mislead; to deceive. [Colloq.]  DUST Dust, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Dusted; p. pr. & vb. n. Dusting.]  1. To free from dust; to brush, wipe, or sweep away dust from; as, to dust a table or a floor.  2. To sprinkle with dust.  3. To reduce to a fine powder; to levigate. Sprat. To dyst one's jacket, to give one a flogging. [Slang.] 
diligent   Dil"i*gent, a. Etym: [F. diligent, L. diligens, -entis, p. pr. of diligere, dilectum, to esteem highly, prefer; di- = dis- + legere to choose. See Legend.]  1. Prosecuted with careful attention and effort; careful; painstaking; not careless or negligent. The judges shall make diligent inquisition. Deut. xix. 18.  2. Interestedly and perseveringly attentive; steady and earnest in application to a subject or pursuit; assiduous; industrious. Seest thou a man diligent in his business he shall stand before kings. Prov. xxii. 29. Diligent cultivation of elegant literature. Prescott.  Syn.  -- Active; assiduous; sedulous; laborious; persevering; attentive; industrious. 
real   Re"al, n. Etym: [Sp., fr. real royal, L. regalis. See Regal, and cf. Ree a coin.]  Defn: A small Spanish silver coin; also, a denomination of money of account, formerly the unit of the Spanish monetary system.  Note: A real of plate (coin) varied in value according to the time of its coinage, from 12real vellon, or money of account, was nearly equal to five cents, or 2  REAL Re*al", a.  Defn: Royal; regal; kingly. [Obs.] "The blood real of Thebes." Chaucer.  REAL Re"al, a. Etym: [LL. realis, fr. L. res, rei, a thing: cf. F. réel. Cf. Rebus.]  1. Actually being or existing; not fictitious or imaginary; as, a description of real life. Whereat I waked, and found Before mine eyes all real, as the dream Had lively shadowed. Milton.  2. True; genuine; not artificial; counterfeit, or factitious; often opposed to ostensible; as, the real reason; real Madeira wine; real ginger. Whose perfection far excelled Hers in all real dignity. Milton.  5. Relating to things, not to persons. [Obs.] Many are perfect in men's humors that are not greatly capable of the real part of business. Bacon.  4. (Alg.)  Defn: Having an assignable arithmetical or numerical value or meaning; not imaginary.  5. (Law)  Defn: Pertaining to things fixed, permanent, or immovable, as to lands and tenements; as, real property, in distinction from personal or movable property. Chattels real (Law), such chattels as are annexed to, or savor of, the realty, as terms for years of land. See Chattel.  -- Real action (Law), an action for the recovery of real property.  -- Real assets (Law), lands or real estate in the hands of the heir, chargeable with the debts of the ancestor.  -- Real composition (Eccl. Law), an agreement made between the owner of lands and the parson or vicar, with consent of the ordinary, that such lands shall be discharged from payment of tithes, in consequence of other land or recompense given to the parson in lieu and satisfaction thereof. Blackstone.  -- Real estate or property, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; freehold interests in landed property; property in houses and land. Kent. Burrill.  -- Real presence (R. C. Ch.), the actual presence of the body and blood of Christ in the eucharist, or the conversion of the substance of the bread and wine into the real body and blood of Christ; transubstantiation. In other churches there is a belief in a form of real presence, not however in the sense of transubstantiation.  -- Real servitude, called also Predial servitude (Civil Law), a burden imposed upon one estate in favor of another estate of another proprietor. Erskine. Bouvier.  Syn.  -- Actual; true; genuine; authentic.  -- Real, Actual. Real represents a thing to be a substantive existence; as, a real, not imaginary, occurrence. Actual refers to it as acted or performed; and, hence, when we wish to prove a thing real, we often say, "It actually exists," "It has actually been done." Thus its really is shown by its actually. Actual, from this reference to being acted, has recently received a new signification, namely, present; as, the actual posture of affairs; since what is now in action, or going on, has, of course, a present existence. An actual fact; a real sentiment. For he that but conceives a crime in thought, Contracts the danger of an actual fault. Dryden. Our simple ideas are all real; all agree to the reality of things. Locke.  REAL Re"al, n.  Defn: A realist. [Obs.] Burton. 
bat   Bat, n. Etym: [OE. batte, botte, AS. batt; perhaps fr. the Celtic; cf. Ir. bat, bata, stick, staff; but cf. also F. batte a beater (thing), wooden sword, battre to beat.]  1. A large stick; a club; specifically, a piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other, used in playing baseball, cricket, etc.  2. (Mining)  Defn: Shale or bituminous shale. Kirwan.  3. A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables; batting.  4. A part of a brick with one whole end. Bat bolt (Machinery), a bolt barbed or jagged at its butt or tang to make it hold the more firmly. Knight.  BAT Bat, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Batted (p. pr. & vb. n. Batting.]  Defn: To strike or hit with a bat or a pole; to cudgel; to beat. Holland.  BAT Bat, v. i.  Defn: To use a bat, as in a game of baseball.  BAT Bat, n. Etym: [Corrupt. from OE. back, backe, balke; cf. Dan. aften- bakke] (aften evening), Sw. natt-backa] (natt night), Icel. le (le leather), Icel. blaka to flutter.] (Zoöl.)  Defn: One of the Cheiroptera, an order of flying mammals, in which the wings are formed by a membrane stretched between the elongated fingers, legs, and tail. The common bats are small and insectivorous. See Cheiroptera and Vampire. Bat tick (Zoöl.), a wingless, dipterous insect of the genus Nycteribia, parasitic on bats. 
lethal   Leth"al, n. Etym: [Lauric + ether + alcohol.] (Chem.)  Defn: One of the higher alcohols of the paraffine series obtained from spermaceti as a white crystalline solid. It is so called because it occurs in the ethereal salt of lauric acid.  LETHAL Le"thal, a. Etym: [L. lethalis, letalis, fr. lethum, letum, death: cf. F. léthal.]  Defn: Deadly; mortal; fatal. "The lethal blow." W. Richardson.  -- Le"thal*ly, adv. 
salt   Salt, n. Etym: [AS. sealt; akin to OS. & OFries. salt, D. zout, G. salz, Icel., Sw., & Dan. salt, L. sal, Gr. sole, Ir. & Gael. salann, W. halen, of unknown origin. Cf. Sal, Salad, Salary, Saline, Sauce, Sausage.]  1. The chloride of sodium, a substance used for seasoning food, for the preservation of meat, etc. It is found native in the earth, and is also produced, by evaporation and crystallization, from sea water and other water impregnated with saline particles.  2. Hence, flavor; taste; savor; smack; seasoning. Though we are justices and doctors and churchmen . . . we have some salt of our youth in us. Shak.  3. Hence, also, piquancy; wit; sense; as, Attic salt.  4. A dish for salt at table; a saltcellar. I out and bought some things; among others, a dozen of silver salts. Pepys.  5. A sailor; -- usually qualified by old. [Colloq.] Around the door are generally to be seen, laughing and gossiping, clusters of old salts. Hawthorne.  6. (Chem.)  Defn: The neutral compound formed by the union of an acid base; thus, sulphuric acid and iron form the salt sulphate of iron or green vitriol.  Note: Except in case of ammonium salts, accurately speaking, it is the acid radical which unites with the base or basic radical, with the elimination of hydrogen, of water, or of analogous compounds as side products. In the case of diacid and triacid bases, and of dibasic and tribasic acids, the mutual neutralization may vary in degree, producing respectively basic, neutral, or acid salts See Phrases below.  7. Fig.: That which preserves from corruption or error; that which purifies; a corrective; an antiseptic; also, an allowance or deduction; as, his statements must be taken with a grain of salt. Ye are the salt of the earth. Matt. v. 13.  8. pl.  Defn: Any mineral salt used as an aperient or cathartic, especially Epsom salts, Rochelle salt, or Glauber's salt.  9. pl.  Defn: Marches flooded by the tide. [Prov. Eng.] Above the salt, Below the salt, phrases which have survived the old custom, in the houses of people of rank, of placing a large saltcellar near the middle of a long table, the places above which were assigned to the guests of distinction, and those below to dependents, inferiors, and poor relations. See Saltfoot. His fashion is not to take knowledge of him that is beneath him in clothes. He never drinks below the salt. B. Jonson. -- Acid salt (Chem.) (a) A salt derived from an acid which has several replaceable hydrogen atoms which are only partially exchanged for metallic atoms or basic radicals; as, acid potassium sulphate is an acid salt. (b) A salt, whatever its constitution, which merely gives an acid reaction; thus, copper sulphate, which is composed of a strong acid united with a weak base, is an acid salt in this sense, though theoretically it is a neutral salt.  -- Alkaline salt (Chem.), a salt which gives an alkaline reaction, as sodium carbonate.  -- Amphid salt (Old Chem.), a salt of the oxy type, formerly regarded as composed of two oxides, an acid and a basic oxide. [Obsolescent] -- Basic salt (Chem.) (a) A salt which contains more of the basic constituent than is required to neutralize the acid. (b) An alkaline salt.  -- Binary salt (Chem.), a salt of the oxy type conveniently regarded as composed of two ingredients (analogously to a haloid salt), viz., a metal and an acid radical.  -- Double salt (Chem.), a salt regarded as formed by the union of two distinct salts, as common alum, potassium aluminium sulphate. See under Double.  -- Epsom salts. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Essential salt (Old Chem.), a salt obtained by crystalizing plant juices.  -- Ethereal salt. (Chem.) See under Ethereal.  -- Glauber's salt or salts. See in Vocabulary.  -- Haloid salt (Chem.), a simple salt of a halogen acid, as sodium chloride.  -- Microcosmic salt. (Chem.). See under Microcosmic.  -- Neutral salt. (Chem.) (a A salt in which the acid and base (in theory) neutralize each other. (b) A salt which gives a neutral reaction.  -- Oxy salt (Chem.), a salt derived from an oxygen acid.  -- Per salt (Old Chem.), a salt supposed to be derived from a peroxide base or analogous compound. [Obs.] -- Permanent salt, a salt which undergoes no change on exposure to the air.  -- Proto salt (Chem.), a salt derived from a protoxide base or analogous compound.  -- Rochelle salt. See under Rochelle.  -- Salt of amber (Old Chem.), succinic acid.  -- Salt of colcothar (Old Chem.), green vitriol, or sulphate of iron.  -- Salt of hartshorn. (Old Chem.) (a) Sal ammoniac, or ammonium chloride. (b) Ammonium carbonate. Cf. Spirit of hartshorn, under Hartshorn.  -- Salt of lemons. (Chem.) See Salt of sorrel, below.  -- Salt of Saturn (Old Chem.), sugar of lead; lead acetate; -- the alchemical of lead being Saturn.  -- Salt of Seignette. Same as Rochelle salt.  -- Salt of soda (Old Chem.), sodium carbonate.  -- Salt of sorrel (Old Chem.), acid potassium oxalate, or potassium quadroxalate, used as a solvent for ink stains; -- so called because found in the sorrel, or Oxalis. Also sometimes inaccurately called salt of lemon.  -- Salt of tartar (Old Chem.), potassium carbonate; -- so called because formerly made by heating cream of tartar, or potassium tartrate. [Obs.] -- Salt of Venus (Old Chem.), blue vitriol; copper sulphate; -- the alchemical name of copper being Venus.  -- Salt of wisdom. See Alembroth.  -- Sedative salt (Old Med. Chem.), boric acid.  -- Sesqui salt (Chem.), a salt derived from a sesquioxide base or analogous compound.  -- Spirit of salt. (Chem.) See under Spirit.  -- Sulpho salt (Chem.), a salt analogous to an oxy salt, but containing sulphur in place of oxygen.  SALT Salt, a. [Compar. Salter; superl. Saltest.] Etym: [AS. sealt, salt. See Salt, n.]  1. Of or relating to salt; abounding in, or containing, salt; prepared or preserved with, or tasting of, salt; salted; as, salt beef; salt water. "Salt tears." Chaucer.  2. Overflowed with, or growing in, salt water; as, a salt marsh; salt grass.  3. Fig.: Bitter; sharp; pungent. I have a salt and sorry rheum offends me. Shak.  4. Fig.: Salacious; lecherous; lustful. Shak. Salt acid (Chem.), hydrochloric acid.  -- Salt block, an apparatus for evaporating brine; a salt factory. Knight.  -- Salt bottom, a flat piece of ground covered with saline efforescences. [Western U.S.] bartlett.  -- Salt cake (Chem.), the white caked mass, consisting of sodium sulphate, which is obtained as the product of the first stage in the manufacture of soda, according to Leblanc's process.  -- Salt fish. (a) Salted fish, especially cod, haddock, and similar fishes that have been salted and dried for food. (b) A marine fish.  -- Salt garden, an arrangement for the natural evaporation of sea water for the production of salt, employing large shallow basins excavated near the seashore.  -- Salt gauge, an instrument used to test the strength of brine; a salimeter.  -- Salt horse, salted beef. [Slang] -- Salt junk, hard salt beef for use at sea. [Slang] -- Salt lick. See Lick, n.  -- Salt marsh, grass land subject to the overflow of salt water.  -- Salt-marsh caterpillar (Zoöl.), an American bombycid moth (Spilosoma acreæ which is very destructive to the salt-marsh grasses and to other crops. Called also wooly bear. See Illust. under Moth, Pupa, and Woolly bear, under Woolly.  -- Salt-marsh fleabane (Bot.), a strong-scented composite herb (Pluchea camphorata) with rayless purplish heads, growing in salt marshes.  -- Salt-marsh hen (Zoöl.), the clapper rail. See under Rail.  -- Salt-marsh terrapin (Zoöl.), the diamond-back.  -- Salt mine, a mine where rock salt is obtained.  -- Salt pan. (a) A large pan used for making salt by evaporation; also, a shallow basin in the ground where salt water is evaporated by the heat of the sun. (b) pl. Salt works.  -- Salt pit, a pit where salt is obtained or made.  -- Salt rising, a kind of yeast in which common salt is a principal ingredient. [U.S.] -- Salt raker, one who collects salt in natural salt ponds, or inclosures from the sea.  -- Salt sedative (Chem.), boracic acid. [Obs.] -- Salt spring, a spring of salt water.  -- Salt tree (Bot.), a small leguminous tree (Halimodendron argenteum) growing in the salt plains of the Caspian region and in Siberia.  -- Salt water, water impregnated with salt, as that of the ocean and of certain seas and lakes; sometimes, also tears. Mine eyes are full of tears, I can not see; And yet salt water blinds them not so much But they can see a sort of traitors here. Shak. -- Salt-water sailor, an ocean mariner.  -- Salt-water tailor. (Zoöl.) See Bluefish.  SALT Salt, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Salted; p. pr. & vb. n. Salting.]  1. To sprinkle, impregnate, or season with salt; to preserve with salt or in brine; to supply with salt; as, to salt fish, beef, or pork; to salt cattle.  2. To fill with salt between the timbers and planks, as a ship, for the preservation of the timber. To salt a mine, to artfully deposit minerals in a mine in order to deceive purchasers regarding its value. [Cant] -- To salt away, To salt down, to prepare with, or pack in, salt for preserving, as meat, eggs, etc.; hence, colloquially, to save, lay up, or invest sagely, as money.  SALT Salt, v. i.  Defn: To deposit salt as a saline solution; as, the brine begins to salt.  SALT Salt, n. Etym: [L. saltus, fr. salire to leap.]  Defn: The act of leaping or jumping; a leap. [Obs.] B. Jonson. 
calm   Calm, n. Etym: [OE. calme, F. calme, fr. It. or Sp. calma (cf. Pg. calma heat), prob. fr. LL. cauma heat, fr. Gr. Caustic]  Defn: Freodom from motion, agitation, or disturbance; a cessation or abeence of that which causes motion or disturbance, as of winds or waves; tranquility; stilness; quiet; serenity. The wind ceased, and there was a great calm. Mark. iv. 39. A calm before a storm is commonly a peace of a man's own making. South.  CALM Calm, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Calmed; p. pr. & vb. n. Calming.] Etym: [Cf. F. calmer. See Calm, n.]  1. To make calm; to render still or quet, as elements; as, to calm the winds. To calm the tempest raised by Eolus. Dryden.  2. To deliver from agitation or excitement; to still or soothe, as the mind or passions. Passions which seem somewhat calmed.  Syn.  -- To still; quiet; appease; ally; pacigy; tranquilize; soothe; compose; assuage; check; restrain.  CALM Calm, a. [compar. Calmer; super. Calmest]  1. Not stormy; without motion, as of winds or waves; still; quiet; serene; undisturbed. "Calm was the day." Spenser. Now all is calm, and fresh, and still. Bryant.  2. Undisturbed by passion or emotion; not agitated or excited; tranquil; quiet in act or speech. "Calm and sinless peace." Milton. "With calm attention." Pope. Such calm old age as conscience pure And self-commanding hearts ensure. Keble.  Syn.  -- Still; quiet; undisturbed; tranquil; peaceful; serene; composed; unruffled; sedate; collected; placid. 
crooked   Crook"ed (krk"d), a.  1. Characterized by a crook or curve; not straight; turning; bent; twisted; deformed. "Crooked paths." Locke. he is deformed, crooked, old, and sere. Shak.  2. Not straightforward; deviating from rectitude; distorted from the right. They are a perverse and crooked generation. Deut. xxxii. 5.  3. False; dishonest; fraudulent; as, crooked dealings. Crooked whisky, whisky on wich the paiment of duty has been fraudulently evaded. [Slang, U.S.] Barlett. 
guttural   Gut"tur*al, a. Etym: [L. guttur throat: cf. F. gutural.]  Defn: Of or pertaining to the throat; formed in the throat; relating to, or characteristic of, a sound formed in the throat. Children are occasionally born with guttural swellings. W. Guthrie. In such a sweet, guttural accent. Landor.  GUTTURAL Gut"tur*al, n.  Defn: A sound formed in the throat; esp., a sound formed by the aid of the back of the tongue, much retracted, and the soft palate; also, a letter representing such a sound. 
camp   Camp, n. Etym: [F. camp, It. campo, fr. L. campus plant, fleld; akin to Gr. Campaing, Champ, n.]  1. The ground or spot on which tents, huts, etc., are erected for shelter, as for an army or for lumbermen, etc. Shzk.  2. A collection of tents, huts, etc., for shelter, commonly arranged in an orderly manner. Forming a camp in the neighborhood of Boston. W. Irving.  3. A single hut or shelter; as, a hunter's camp.  4. The company or body of persons encamped, as of soldiers, of surveyors, of lumbermen, etc. The camp broke up with the confusion of a flight. Macaulay.  5. (Agric.)  Defn: A mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored for protection against frost; -- called also burrow and pie. [Prov. Eng.]  6. Etym: [Cf. OE. & AS. camp contest, battle. See champion.]  Defn: An ancient game of football, played in some parts of England. Halliwell. Camp bedstead, a light bedstead that can be folded up onto a small space for easy transportation.  -- camp ceiling (Arch.), a kind ceiling often used in attics or garrets, in which the side walls are inclined inward at the top, following the slope of the rafters, to meet the plane surface of the upper ceiling.  -- Camp chair, a light chair that can be folded up compactly for easy transportation; the seat and back are often made of strips or pieces of carpet.  -- Camp fever, typhus fever.  -- Camp follower, a civilian accompanying an army, as a sutler, servant, etc.  -- Camp meeting, a religious gathering for open-air preaching, held in some retired spot, chiefty by Methodists. It usualy last for several days, during which those present lodge in tents, temporary houses, or cottages.  -- Camp stool, the same as camp chair, except that the stool has no back.  -- Flying camp (Mil.), a camp or body of troops formed for rapid motion from one place to another. Farrow.  -- To pitch (a) camp, to set up the tents or huts of a camp.  -- To strike camp, to take down the tents or huts of a camp.  CAMP Camp, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Camped; p. pr. & vb n. Camping.]  Defn: To afford rest or lodging for, as an army or travelers. Had our great palace the capacity To camp this host, we all would sup together. Shak.  CAMP Camp, v. i.  1. To pitch or prepare a camp; to encamp; to lodge in a camp; -- often with out. They camped out at night, under the stars. W. Irving.  2. Etym: [See Camp, n., 6]  Defn: To play the game called camp. [Prov. Eng.] Tusser. 
robin   Rob"in, n. Etym: [Properly a pet name for Robert, originally meaning, famebright; F., fron OHG. Roudperht; ruod (in comp.; akin to AS. hr glory, fame, Goth. hr victorius) + beraht bright. See Bright, Hob a clown.] (Zoöl.) (a) A small European singing bird (Erythacus rubecula), having a reddish breast; -- called also robin redbreast, robinet, and ruddock. (b) An American singing bird (Merula migratoria), having the breast chestnut, or dull red. The upper parts are olive-gray, the head and tail blackish. Called also robin redbreast, and migratory thrush. (c) Any one of several species of Australian warblers of the genera Petroica, Melanadrays, and allied genera; as, the scarlet-breasted robin (Petroica mullticolor) (d) Any one of several Asiatic birds; as, the Indian robins. See Indian robin, below. Beach robin (Zoöl.), the robin snipe, or knot. See Knot.  -- Blue-throated robin. (Zoöl.) See Bluethroat.  -- Canada robin (Zoöl.), the cedar bird.  -- Golden robin (Zoöl.), the Baltimore oriole.  -- Ground robin (Zoöl.), the chewink.  -- Indian robin (Zoöl.), any one of several species of Asiatic saxoline birds of the genera Thamnobia and Pratincola. They are mostly black, usually with some white on the wings.  -- Magrie robin (Zoöl.), an Asiatic singing bird (Corsycus saularis), having the back, head, neck, and breast black glossed with blue, the wings black, and the belly white.  -- Ragged robin. (Bot.) See under Ragged.  -- Robin accentor (Zoöl.), a small Asiatic singing bird (Accentor rubeculoides), somewhat resembling the European robin.  -- Robin redbreast. (Zoöl.) (a) The European robin. (b) The American robin. (c) The American bluebird.  -- Robin snipe. (Zoöl.) (a) The red-breasted snipe, or dowitcher. (b) The red-breasted sandpiper, or knot.  -- Robin's plantain. (Bot.) See under Plantain.  -- Sea robin. (Zoöl.) (a) Any one of several species of American gurnards of the genus Prionotus. They are excellent food fishes. Called also wingfish. The name is also applied to a European gurnard. (b) The red-breasted merganser, or sheldrake. [Local, U.S.] -- Water robin (Zoöl.), a redstart (Ruticulla fuliginosa), native of India. 
melodic   Me*lod"ic, a. Etym: [L. melodicus, Gr. mélodique.]  Defn: Of the nature of melody; relating to, containing, or made up of, melody; melodious. 
colossal   Co*los"sal, a. Etym: [Cf. F. cossal, L. colosseus. See Colossus.]  1. Of enormous size; gigantic; huge; as, a colossal statue. "A colossal stride." Motley.  2. (Sculpture & Painting)  Defn: Of a size larger than heroic. See Heroic. 
eatable   Eat"a*ble, a.  Defn: Capable of being eaten; fit to be eaten; proper for food; esculent; edible.  -- n.  Defn: Something fit to be eaten. 
swing   Swing, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Swung; Archaic imp. Swang; p. pr. & vb. n. Swinging.] Etym: [OE. swingen, AS. swingan to scourge, to fly, to flutter; akin to G. schwingen to winnow, to swingle, oscillate, sich schwingen to leap, to soar, OHG. swingan to throw, to scourge, to soar, Sw. svinga to swing, to whirl, Dan. svinge. Cf. Swagger, Sway, Swinge, Swink.]  1. To move to and fro, as a body suspended in the air; to wave; to vibrate; to oscillate. I tried if a pendulum would swing faster, or continue swinging longer, in case of exsuction of the air. Boyle.  2. To sway or move from one side or direction to another; as, the door swung open.  3. To use a swing; as, a boy swings for exercise or pleasure. See Swing, n., 3.  4. (Naut.)  Defn: To turn round by action of wind or tide when at anchor; as, a ship swings with the tide.  5. To be hanged. [Colloq.] D. Webster. To swing round the circle, to make a complete circuit. [Colloq.] He had swung round the circle of theories and systems in which his age abounded, without finding relief. A. V. G. Allen.  SWING Swing, v. t.  1. To cause to swing or vibrate; to cause to move backward and forward, or from one side to the other. He swings his tail, and swiftly turns his round. Dryden. They get on ropes, as you must have seen the children, and are swung by their men visitants. Spectator.  2. To give a circular movement to; to whirl; to brandish; as, to swing a sword; to swing a club; hence, colloquially, to manage; as, to swing a business.  3. (Mach.)  Defn: To admit or turn (anything) for the purpose of shaping it; -- said of a lathe; as, the lathe can swing a pulley of 12 inches diameter. To swing a door, gate, etc. (Carp.), to put it on hinges so that it can swing or turn.  SWING Swing, n.  1. The act of swinging; a waving, oscillating, or vibratory motion of a hanging or pivoted object; oscillation; as, the swing of a pendulum.  2. Swaying motion from one side or direction to the other; as, some men walk with a swing.  3. A line, cord, or other thing suspended and hanging loose, upon which anything may swing; especially, an apparatus for recreation by swinging, commonly consisting of a rope, the two ends of which are attached overhead, as to the bough of a tree, a seat being placed in the loop at the bottom; also, any contrivance by which a similar motion is produced for amusement or exercise.  4. Influence of power of a body put in swaying motion. The ram that batters down the wall, For the great swing and rudeness of his poise, They place before his hand that made the engine. Shak.  5. Capacity of a turning lathe, as determined by the diameter of the largest object that can be turned in it.  6. Free course; unrestrained liberty or license; tendency. "Take thy swing." Dryden. To prevent anything which may prove an obstacle to the full swing of his genius. Burke. Full swing. See under Full.  -- Swing beam (Railway Mach.), a crosspiece sustaining the car body, and so suspended from the framing of a truck that it may have an independent lateral motion.  -- Swing bridge, a form of drawbridge which swings horizontally, as on a vertical pivot.  -- Swing plow, or Swing plough. (a) A plow without a fore wheel under the beam. (b) A reversible or sidehill plow.  -- Swing wheel. (a) The scape-wheel in a clock, which drives the pendulum. (b) The balance of a watch. 
print   Print, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Printed; p. pr. & vb. n. Printing.] Etym: [Abbrev. fr. imprint. See Imprint, and Press to squeeze.]  1. To fix or impress, as a stamp, mark, character, idea, etc., into or upon something. A look will print a thought that never may remove. Surrey. Upon his breastplate he beholds a dint, Which in that field young Edward's sword did print. Sir John Beaumont. Perhaps some footsteps printed in the clay. Roscommon.  2. To stamp something in or upon; to make an impression or mark upon by pressure, or as by pressure. Forth on his fiery steed betimes he rode, That scarcely prints the turf on which he trod. Dryden.  3. Specifically:  Defn: To strike off an impression or impressions of, from type, or from stereotype, electrotype, or engraved plates, or the like; in a wider sense, to do the typesetting, presswork, etc., of (a book or other publication); as, to print books, newspapers, pictures; to print an edition of a book.  4. To stamp or impress with colored figures or patterns; as, to print calico.  5. (Photog.)  Defn: To take (a copy, a positive picture, etc.), from a negative, a transparent drawing, or the like, by the action of light upon a sensitized surface. Printed goods, textile fabrics printed in patterns, especially cotton cloths, or calicoes.  PRINT Print, v. i.  1. To use or practice the art of typography; to take impressions of letters, figures, or electrotypes, engraved plates, or the like.  2. To publish a book or an article. From the moment he prints, he must except to hear no more truth. Pope.  PRINT Print, n. Etym: [See Print, v., Imprint, n.]  1. A mark made by impression; a line, character, figure, or indentation, made by the pressure of one thing on another; as, the print of teeth or nails in flesh; the print of the foot in sand or snow. Where print of human feet was never seen. Dryden.  2. A stamp or die for molding or impressing an ornamental design upon an object; as, a butter print.  3. That which receives an impression, as from a stamp or mold; as, a print of butter.  4. Printed letters; the impression taken from type, as to excellence, form, size, etc.; as, small print; large print; this line is in print.  5. That which is produced by printing. Specifically: (a) An impression taken from anything, as from an engraved plate. "The prints which we see of antiquities." Dryden. (b) A printed publication, more especially a newspaper or other periodical. Addison. (c) A printed cloth; a fabric figured by stamping, especially calico or cotton cloth. (d) A photographic copy, or positive picture, on prepared paper, as from a negative, or from a drawing on transparent paper.  6. (Founding)  Defn: A core print. See under Core. Blue print, a copy in white lines on a blue ground, of a drawing, plan, tracing, etc., or a positive picture in blue and white, from a negative, produced by photographic printing on peculiarly prepared paper.blueprint for action -- In print. (a) In a printed form; issued from the press; published. Shak. (b) To the letter; with accurateness. "All this I speak in print." Shak.  -- Out of print. See under Out.  -- Print works, a factory where cloth, as calico, is printed.  PRINTA-BLE Print"a-ble, a.  Defn: Worthy to be published. [R.] 
argument   Ar"gu*ment, n. Etym: [F. argument, L. argumentum, fr. arguere to argue.]  1. Proof; evidence. [Obs.] There is.. no more palpable and convincing argument of the existence of a Deity. Ray. Why, then, is it made a badge of wit and an argument of parts for a man to commence atheist, and to cast off all belief of providence, all awe and reverence for religion South.  2. A reason or reasons offered in proof, to induce belief, or convince the mind; reasoning expressed in words; as, an argument about, concerning, or regarding a proposition, for or in favor of it, or against it.  3. A process of reasoning, or a controversy made up of rational proofs; argumentation; discussion; disputation. The argument is about things, but names. Locke.  4. The subject matter of a discourse, writing, or artistic representation; theme or topic; also, an abstract or summary, as of the contents of a book, chapter, poem. You and love are still my argument. Shak. The abstract or argument of the piece. Jeffrey. [Shields] with boastful argument portrayed. Milton.  5. Matter for question; business in hand. [Obs.] Sheathed their swords for lack of argument. Shak.  6. (Astron.)  Defn: The quantity on which another quantity in a table depends; as, the altitude is the argument of the refraction.  7. (Math.)  Defn: The independent variable upon whose value that of a function depends. Brande & C.  ARGUMENT Ar"gu*ment, v. i. Etym: [L. argumentari.]  Defn: To make an argument; to argue. [Obs.] Gower. 
bite   Bite, v. t. [imp. Bit; p. p. Bitten, Bit; p. pr. & vb. n. Biting.] Etym: [OE. biten, AS. bitan; akin to D. bijten, OS. bitan, OHG. bizan, G. beissen, Goth. beitan, Icel. bita, Sw. bita, Dan. bide, L. findere to cleave, Skr. bhid to cleave. sq. root87. Cf. Fissure.]  1. To seize with the teeth, so that they enter or nip the thing seized; to lacerate, crush, or wound with the teeth; as, to bite an apple; to bite a crust; the dog bit a man. Such smiling rogues as these, Like rats, oft bite the holy cords atwain. Shak.  2. To puncture, abrade, or sting with an organ (of some insects) used in taking food.  3. To cause sharp pain, or smarting, to; to hurt or injure, in a literal or a figurative sense; as, pepper bites the mouth. "Frosts do bite the meads." Shak.  4. To cheat; to trick; to take in. [Colloq.] Pope.  5. To take hold of; to hold fast; to adhere to; as, the anchor bites the ground. The last screw of the rack having been turned so often that its purchase crumbled, . . . it turned and turned with nothing to bite. Dickens. To bite the dust, To bite the ground, to fall in the agonies of death; as, he made his enemy bite the dust.  -- To bite in (Etching), to corrode or eat into metallic plates by means of an acid.  -- To bite the thumb at (any one), formerly a mark of contempt, designed to provoke a quarrel; to defy. "Do you bite your thumb at us " Shak.  -- To bite the tongue, to keep silence. Shak.  BITE Bite, v. i.  1. To seize something forcibly with the teeth; to wound with the teeth; to have the habit of so doing; as, does the dog bite  2. To cause a smarting sensation; to have a property which causes such a sensation; to be pungent; as, it bites like pepper or mustard.  3. To cause sharp pain; to produce anguish; to hurt or injure; to have the property of so doing. At the last it [wine] biteth like serpent, and stingeth like an adder. Prov. xxiii. 32.  4. To take a bait into the mouth, as a fish does; hence, to take a tempting offer.  5. To take or keep a firm hold; as, the anchor bites.  BITE Bite, n. Etym: [OE. bite, bit, bitt, AS. bite bite, fr. bitan to bite, akin to Icel. bit, OS. biti, G. biss. See Bite, v., and cf. Bit.]  1. The act of seizing with the teeth or mouth; the act of wounding or separating with the teeth or mouth; a seizure with the teeth or mouth, as of a bait; as, to give anything a hard bite. I have known a very good fisher angle diligently four or six hours for a river carp, and not have a bite. Walton.  2. The act of puncturing or abrading with an organ for taking food, as is done by some insects.  3. The wound made by biting; as, the pain of a dog's or snake's bite; the bite of a mosquito.  4. A morsel; as much as is taken at once by biting.  5. The hold which the short end of a lever has upon the thing to be lifted, or the hold which one part of a machine has upon another.  6. A cheat; a trick; a fraud. [Colloq.] The baser methods of getting money by fraud and bite, by deceiving and overreaching. Humorist.  7. A sharper; one who cheats. [Slang] Johnson.  8. (Print.)  Defn: A blank on the edge or corner of a page, owing to a portion of the frisket, or something else, intervening between the type and paper. 
jumpy   Jump"y, a. [Compar. Jumpier; superl. Jumpiest.]  Defn: Jumping, or inducing to jump; characterized by jumps; hence, extremely nervous. 
yellow   Yel"low, a. [Compar. Yellower; superl. Yellowest.] Etym: [OE. yelow, yelwe, ýelow, ýeoluw, from AS. geolu; akin to D. geel, OS. & OHG. gelo, G. gelb, Icel. gulr, Sw. gul, Dan. guul, L. helvus light bay, Gr. hari tawny, yellowish. Chlorine, Gall a bitter liquid, Gold, Yolk.]  Defn: Being of a bright saffronlike color; of the color of gold or brass; having the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is between the orange and the green. Her yellow hair was browded [braided] in a tress. Chaucer. A sweaty reaper from his tillage brought First fruits, the green ear and the yellow sheaf. Milton. The line of yellow light dies fast away. Keble. Yellow atrophy (Med.), a fatal affection of the liver, in which it undergoes fatty degeneration, and becomes rapidly smaller and of a deep yellow tinge. The marked symptoms are black vomit, delirium, convulsions, coma, and jaundice.  -- Yellow bark, calisaya bark.  -- Yellow bass (Zoöl.), a North American fresh-water bass (Morone interrupta) native of the lower parts of the Mississippi and its tributaries. It is yellow, with several more or less broken black stripes or bars. Called also barfish.  -- Yellow berry. (Bot.) Same as Persian berry, under Persian.  -- Yellow boy, a gold coin, as a guinea. [Slang] Arbuthnot.  -- Yellow brier. (Bot.) See under Brier.  -- Yellow bugle (Bot.), a European labiate plant (Ajuga Chamæpitys).  -- Yellow bunting (Zoöl.), the European yellow-hammer.  -- Yellow cat (Zoöl.), a yellow catfish; especially, the bashaw.  -- Yellow copperas (Min.), a hydrous sulphate of iron; -- called also copiapite.  -- Yellow copper ore, a sulphide of copper and iron; copper pyrites. See Chalcopyrite.  -- Yellow cress (Bot.), a yellow-flowered, cruciferous plant (Barbarea præcox), sometimes grown as a salad plant.  -- Yellow dock. (Bot.) See the Note under Dock.  -- Yellow earth, a yellowish clay, colored by iron, sometimes used as a yellow pigment.  -- Yellow fever (Med.), a malignant, contagious, febrile disease of warm climates, attended with jaundice, producing a yellow color of the skin, and with the black vomit. See Black vomit, in the Vocabulary.  -- Yellow flag, the quarantine flag. See under Quarantine, and 3d Flag.  -- Yellow jack. (a) The yellow fever. See under 2d Jack. (b) The quarantine flag. See under Quarantine.  -- Yellow jacket (Zoöl.), any one of several species of American social wasps of the genus Vespa, in which the color of the body is partly bright yellow. These wasps are noted for their irritability, and for their painful stings.  -- Yellow lead ore (Min.), wulfenite.  -- Yellow lemur (Zoöl.), the kinkajou.  -- Yellow macauco (Zoöl.), the kinkajou.  -- Yellow mackerel (Zoöl.), the jurel.  -- Yellow metal. Same as Muntz metal, under Metal.  -- Yellow ocher (Min.), an impure, earthy variety of brown iron ore, which is used as a pigment.  -- Yellow oxeye (Bot.), a yellow-flowered plant (Chrysanthemum segetum) closely related to the oxeye daisy.  -- Yellow perch (Zoöl.), the common American perch. See Perch.  -- Yellow pike (Zoöl.), the wall-eye.  -- Yellow pine (Bot.), any of several kinds of pine; also, their yellowish and generally durable timber. Among the most common are valuable species are Pinus mitis and P. palustris of the Eastern and Southern States, and P. ponderosa and P. Arizonica of the Rocky Mountains and Pacific States.  -- Yellow plover (Zoöl.), the golden plover.  -- Yellow precipitate (Med. Chem.), an oxide of mercury which is thrown down as an amorphous yellow powder on adding corrosive sublimate to limewater.  -- Yellow puccoon. (Bot.) Same as Orangeroot.  -- Yellow rail (Zoöl.), a small American rail (Porzana Noveboracensis) in which the lower parts are dull yellow, darkest on the breast. The back is streaked with brownish yellow and with black, and spotted with white. Called also yellow crake.  -- Yellow rattle, Yellow rocket. (Bot.) See under Rattle, and Rocket.  -- Yellow Sally (Zoöl.), a greenish or yellowish European stone fly of the genus Chloroperla; -- so called by anglers.  -- Yellow sculpin (Zoöl.), the dragonet.  -- Yellow snake (Zoöl.), a West Indian boa (Chilobothrus inornatus) common in Jamaica. It becomes from eight to ten long. The body is yellowish or yellowish green, mixed with black, and anteriorly with black lines.  -- Yellow spot. (a) (Anat.) A small yellowish spot with a central pit, the fovea centralis, in the center of the retina where vision is most accurate. See Eye. (b) (Zoöl.) A small American butterfly (Polites Peckius) of the Skipper family. Its wings are brownish, with a large, irregular, bright yellow spot on each of the hind wings, most conspicuous beneath. Called also Peck's skipper. See Illust. under Skipper, n., 5.  -- Yellow tit (Zoöl.), any one of several species of crested titmice of the genus Machlolophus, native of India. The predominating colors of the plumage are yellow and green.  -- Yellow viper (Zoöl.), the fer-de-lance.  -- Yellow warbler (Zoöl.), any one of several species of American warblers of the genus Dendroica in which the predominant color is yellow, especially D. æstiva, which is a very abundant and familiar species; -- called also garden warbler, golden warbler, summer yellowbird, summer warbler, and yellow-poll warbler.  -- Yellow wash (Pharm.), yellow oxide of mercury suspended in water, -- a mixture prepared by adding corrosive sublimate to limewater.  -- Yellow wren (Zoöl.) (a) The European willow warbler. (b) The European wood warbler.  YELLOW Yel"low, n.  1. A bright golden color, reflecting more light than any other except white; the color of that part of the spectrum which is between the orange and green. "A long motley coat guarded with yellow." Shak.  2. A yellow pigment. Cadmium yellow, Chrome yellow, Indigo yellow, King's yellow, etc. See under Cadmium, Chrome, etc.  -- Naples yellow, a yellow amorphous pigment, used in oil, porcelain, and enamel painting, consisting of a basic lead metantimonate, obtained by fusing together tartar emetic lead nitrate, and common salt.  -- Patent yellow (Old Chem.), a yellow pigment consisting essentially of a lead oxychloride; -- called also Turner's yellow.  YELLOW Yel"low, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Yellowed; p. pr. & vb. n. Yellowing.]  Defn: To make yellow; to cause to have a yellow tinge or color; to dye yellow.  YELLOW Yel"low, v. i.  Defn: To become yellow or yellower. 
unadvised   Un`ad*vised", a.  1. Not prudent; not discreet; ill advised. Shak.  2. Done without due consideration; wanton; rash; inconsiderate; as, an unadvised proceeding.  -- Un`ad*vis"ed*ly, adv.  -- Un`ad*vis"ed*ness, n. 
military   Mil"i*ta*ry, a. Etym: [L. militaris, militarius, from miles, militis, soldier: cf. F. militaire.]  1. Of or pertaining to soldiers, to arms, or to war; belonging to, engaged in, or appropriate to, the affairs of war; as, a military parade; military discipline; military bravery; military conduct; military renown. Nor do I, as an enemy to peace, Troop in the throngs of military men. Shak.  2. Performed or made by soldiers; as, a military election; a military expedition. Bacon. Military law. See Martial law, under Martial.  -- Military order. (a) A command proceeding from a military superior. (b) An association of military persons under a bond of certain peculiar rules; especially, such an association of knights in the Middle Ages, or a body in modern times taking a similar form, membership of which confers some distinction.  -- Military tenure, tenure of land, on condition of performing military service.  MILITARY Mil"i*ta*ry, n. Etym: [Cf. F. militaire.]  Defn: The whole body of soldiers; soldiery; militia; troops; the army. 
decay   De*cay", v. i. [imp. & p. p. Decayed; p. pr. & vb. n. Decaying.] Etym: [OF. decaeir, dechaer, decheoir, F. déchoir, to decline, fall, become less; L. de- + cadere to fall. See Chance.]  Defn: To pass gradually from a sound, prosperous, or perfect state, to one of imperfection, adversity, or dissolution; to waste away; to decline; to fail; to become weak, corrupt, or disintegrated; to rot; to perish; as, a tree decays; fortunes decay; hopes decay. Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay. Goldsmith.  DECAY De*cay", v. t.  1. To cause to decay; to impair. [R.] Infirmity, that decays the wise. Shak.  2. To destroy. [Obs.] Shak.  DECAY De*cay", n.  1. Gradual failure of health, strength, soundness, prosperity, or of any species of excellence or perfection; tendency toward dissolution or extinction; corruption; rottenness; decline; deterioration; as, the decay of the body; the decay of virtue; the decay of the Roman empire; a castle in decay. Perhaps my God, though he be far before, May turn, and take me by the hand, and more -May strengthen my decays. Herbert. His [Johnson's] failure was not to be ascribed to intellectual decay. Macaulay. Which has caused the decay of the consonants to follow somewhat different laws. James Byrne.  2. Destruction; death. [Obs.] Spenser.  3. Cause of decay. [R.] He that plots to be the only figure among ciphers, is the decay of the whole age. Bacon.  Syn.  -- Decline; consumption. See Decline. 
absorbed  
payment   Pay"ment, n. Etym: [F. payment, paiement. See Pay to requite.]  1. The act of paying, or giving compensation; the discharge of a debt or an obligation. No man envieth the payment of a debt. Bacon.  2. That which is paid; the thing given in discharge of a debt, or an obligation, or in fulfillment of a promise; reward; recompense; requital; return. Shak.  3. Punishment; chastisement. [R.] 
obtain   Ob*tain", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Obtained; p. pr. & vb. n. Obtaining.] Etym: [F. obtenir, L. obtinere; ob (see Ob-) + tenere to hold. See Tenable.]  1. To hold; to keep; to possess. [Obs.] His mother, then, is mortal, but his Sire He who obtains the monarchy of heaven. Milton.  2. To get hold of by effort; to gain possession of; to procure; to acquire, in any way. Some pray for riches; riches they obtain. Dryden. By guileful fair words peace may be obtained. Shak. It may be that I may obtain children by her. Gen. xvi. 2.  Syn.  -- To attain; gain; procure; acquire; win; earn. See Attain.  -- To Obtain, Get, Gain, Earn, Acquire. The idea of getting is common to all these terms. We may, indeed, with only a slight change of sense, substitute get for either of them; as, to get or to gain a prize; to get or to obtain an employment; to get or to earn a living; to get or to acquire a language. To gain is to get by striving; and as this is often a part of our good fortune, the word gain is peculiarly applicable to whatever comes to us fortuitously. Thus, we gain a victory, we gain a cause, we gain an advantage, etc. To earn is to deserve by labor or service; as, to earn good wages; to earn a triumph. Unfortunately, one does not always get or obtain what he has earned. To obtain implies desire for possession, and some effort directed to the attainment of that which is not immediately within our reach. Whatever we thus seek and get, we obtain, whether by our own exertions or those of others; whether by good or bad means; whether permanently, or only for a time. Thus, a man obtains an employment; he obtains an answer to a letter, etc. To acquire is more limited and specific. We acquire what comes to us gradually in the regular exercise of our abilities, while we obtain what comes in any way, provided we desire it. Thus, we acquire knowledge, property, honor, reputation, etc. What we acquire becomes, to a great extent, permanently our own; as, to acquire a language; to acquire habits of industry, etc.  OBTAIN Ob*tain", v. i.  1. To become held; to gain or have a firm footing; to be recognized or established; to subsist; to become prevalent or general; to prevail; as, the custom obtains of going to the seashore in summer. Sobriety hath by use obtained to signify temperance in drinking. Jer. Taylor. The Theodosian code, several hundred years after Justinian's time, did obtain in the western parts of Europe. Baker.  2. To prevail; to succeed. [R.] Evelyn. So run that ye may obtain. 1 Cor. ix. 24. There is due from the judge to the advocate, some commendation, where causes are fair pleaded; especially towards the side which obtaineth not. Bacon. 
laborer   La"bor*er, n. Etym: [Written also labourer.]  Defn: One who labors in a toilsome occupation; a person who does work that requires strength rather than skill, as distinguished from that of an artisan. 
picture   Pic"ture, n. Etym: [L. pictura, fr. pingere, pictum, to paint: cf. F. peinture. See Paint.]  1. The art of painting; representation by painting. [Obs.] Any well-expressed image . . . either in picture or sculpture. Sir H. Wotton.  2. A representation of anything (as a person, a landscape, a building) upon canvas, paper, or other surface, produced by means of painting, drawing, engraving, photography, etc.; a representation in colors. By extension, a figure; a model. Pictures and shapes are but secondary objects. Bacon. The young king's picture . . . in virgin wax. Howell.  3. An image or resemblance; a representation, either to the eye or to the mind; that which, by its likeness, brings vividly to mind some other thing; as, a child is the picture of his father; the man is the picture of grief. My eyes make pictures when they are shut. Coleridge.  Note: Picture is often used adjectively, or in forming self- explaining compounds; as, picture book or picture-book, picture frame or picture-frame, picture seller or picture-seller, etc. Picture gallery, a gallery, or large apartment, devoted to the exhibition of pictures.  -- Picture red, a rod of metal tube fixed to the walls of a room, from which pictures are hung.  -- Picture writing. (a) The art of recording events, or of expressing messages, by means of pictures representing the actions or circumstances in question. Tylor. (b) The record or message so represented; as, the picture writing of the American Indians.  Syn.  -- Picture, Painting. Every kind of representation by drawing or painting is a picture, whether made with oil colors, water colors, pencil, crayons, or India ink; strictly, a painting is a picture made by means of colored paints, usually applied moist with a brush.  PICTURE Pic"ture, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Pictured; p. pr. & vb. n. Picturing.]  Defn: To draw or paint a resemblance of; to delineate; to represent; to form or present an ideal likeness of; to bring before the mind. "I . . . do picture it in my mind." Spenser. I have not seen him so pictured. Shak. 
grease   Grease (gres), n. Etym: [OE. grese, grece, F. graisse; akin to gras fat, greasy, fr. LL. grassus thick, fat, gross, L. crassus. Cf. Crass.]  1. Animal fat, as tallow or lard, especially when in a soft state; oily or unctuous matter of any kind.  2. (Far.)  Defn: An inflammation of a horse's heels, suspending the ordinary greasy secretion of the part, and producing dryness and scurfiness, followed by cracks, ulceration, and fungous excrescences. Grease bush. (Bot.) Same as Grease wood (below).  -- Grease moth (Zoöl.), a pyralid moth (Aglossa pinguinalis) whose larva eats greasy cloth, etc.  -- Grease wood (Bot.), a scraggy, stunted, and somewhat prickly shrub (Sarcobatus vermiculatus) of the Spinach family, very abundant in alkaline valleys from the upper Missouri to California. The name is also applied to other plants of the same family, as several species of Atriplex and Obione.  GREASE Grease, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Greased (grezd or gresd); p. pr. & vb. n. Greasing.]  1. To smear, anoint, or daub, with grease or fat; to lubricate; as, to grease the wheels of a wagon.  2. To bribe; to corrupt with presents. The greased advocate that grinds the poor. Dryden.  3. To cheat or cozen; to overreach. [Obs.] Beau. & Fl.  4. (Ear.) To affect (a horse) with grease, the disease. To grease in the hand, to corrupt by bribes. Usher.  GREASE COCK; GREASE CUP Grease cock or cup . (Mach.)  Defn: A cock or cup containing grease, to serve as a lubricator. 
cake   Cake, n. Etym: [OE. cake, kaak; akin to Dan. kage, Sw. & Icel. kaka, D. koek, G.kuchem, OHG. chuocho.]  1. A small mass of dough baked; especially, a thin loaf from unleavened dough; as, an oatmeal cake; johnnycake.  2. A sweetened composition of flour and other ingredients, leavened or unleavened, baked in a loaf or mass of any size or shape.  3. A thin wafer-shaped mass of fried batter; a griddlecake or pancake; as buckwheat cakes.  4. A mass of matter concreted, congealed, or molded into a solid mass of any form, esp. into a form rather flat than high; as, a cake of soap; an ague cake. Cakes of rusting ice come rolling down the flood. Dryden. Cake urchin (Zoöl), any species of flat sea urchins belonging to the Clypeastroidea.  -- Oil cake the refuse of flax seed, cotton seed, or other vegetable substance from which oil has been expressed, compacted into a solid mass, and used as food for cattle, for manure, or for other purposes.  -- To have one's cake dough, to fail or be disappointed in what one has undertaken or expected. Shak.  CAKE Cake, v. i.  Defn: To form into a cake, or mass.  CAKE Cake, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Caked; p. pr. & vb. n. Caking.]  Defn: To concrete or consolidate into a hard mass, as dough in an oven; to coagulate. Clotted blood that caked within. Addison.  CAKE Cake, v. i.  Defn: To cackle as a goose. [Prov. Eng.]  CAKING COAL Cak"ing coal`.  Defn: See Coal. 
gleaming  
trace   Trace, n. Etym: [F.trais. pl. of trait. See Trait.]  Defn: One of two straps, chains, or ropes of a harness, extending from the collar or breastplate to a whiffletree attached to a vehicle or thing to be drawn; a tug.  TRACE Trace, n. Etym: [F. trace. See Trace, v. t. ]  1. A mark left by anything passing; a track; a path; a course; a footprint; a vestige; as, the trace of a carriage or sled; the trace of a deer; a sinuous trace. Milton.  2. (Chem.&Min.)  Defn: A very small quantity of an element or compound in a given substance, especially when so small that the amount is not quantitatively determined in an analysis;-hence, in stating an analysis, often contracted to tr.  3. A mark, impression, or visible appearance of anything left when the thing itself no longer exists; remains; token; vestige. The shady empire shall retain no trace Of war or blood, but in the sylvan chase. Pope.  4. (Descriptive Geom.&Persp.)  Defn: The intersection of a plane of projection, or an original plane, with a coordinate plane.  5. (Fort.)  Defn: The ground plan of a work or works. Syn.-Vestige; mark; token. See Vestige.  TRACE Trace, v. t. [imp. & p. p. traced; p. pr. & vb. n. tracing.] Etym: [OF. tracier, F. tracer, from (assumed) LL. tractiare, fr.L. tractus, p. p. of trahere to draw. Cf. Abstract, Attract, Contract, Portratt, Tract, Trail, Train, Treat. ]  1. To mark out; to draw or delineate with marks; especially, to copy, as a drawing or engraving, by following the lines and marking them on a sheet superimposed, through which they appear; as, to trace a figure or an outline; a traced drawing. Some faintly traced features or outline of the mother and the child, slowly lading into the twilight of the woods. Hawthorne.  2. To follow by some mark that has been left by a person or thing which has preceded; to follow by footsteps, tracks, or tokens. Cowper. You may trace the deluge quite round the globe. T. Burnet. I feel thy power . . . to trace the ways Of highest agents. Milton.  3. Hence, to follow the trace or track of. How all the way the prince on footpace traced. Spenser.  4. To copy; to imitate. That servile path thou nobly dost decline, Of tracing word, and line by line. Denham.  5. To walk over; to pass through; to traverse. We do tracethis alley up and down. Shak.  TRACE Trace, v. i.  Defn: To walk; to go; to travel. [Obs.] Not wont on foot with heavy arms to trace. Spenser. 
decision   De*ci"sion, n. Etym: [L. decisio, fr. decidere, decisum: cf. F. décision. See Decide.]  1. Cutting off; division; detachment of a part. [Obs.] Bp. Pearson.  2. The act of deciding; act of settling or terminating, as a controversy, by giving judgment on the matter at issue; determination, as of a question or doubt; settlement; conclusion. The decision of some dispute. Atterbury.  3. An account or report of a conclusion, especially of a legal adjudication or judicial determination of a question or cause; as, a decision of arbitrators; a decision of the Supreme Court.  4. The quality of being decided; prompt and fixed determination; unwavering firmness; as, to manifest great decision.  Syn.  -- Decision, Determination, Resolution. Each of these words has two meanings, one implying the act of deciding, determining, or resolving; and the other a habit of mind as to doing. It is in the last sense that the words are here compared. Decision is a cutting short. It implies that several courses of action have been presented to the mind, and that the choice is now finally made. It supposes, therefore, a union of promptitude and energy. Determination is the natural consequence of decision. It is the settling of a thing with a fixed purpose to adhere. Resolution is the necessary result in a mind which is characterized by firmness. It is a spirit which scatters (resolves) all doubt, and is ready to face danger or suffering in carrying out one's determinations. Martin Luther was equally distinguished for his prompt decision, his steadfast determination, and his inflexible resolution. 
coast   Coast, n. Etym: [OF. coste, F. côte, rib, hill, shore, coast, L. costa rib, side. Cf. Accost, v. t., Cutlet.]  1. The side of a thing. [Obs.] Sir I. Newton.  2. The exterior line, limit, or border of a country; frontier border. [Obs.] From the river, the river Euphrates, even to the uttermost sea, shall your coast be. Deut. xi. 24.  3. The seashore, or land near it. He sees in English ships the Holland coast. Dryden. We the Arabian coast do know At distance, when the species blow. Waller. The coast is clear, the danger is over; no enemy in sight. Dryden. Fig.: There are no obstacles. "Seeing that the coast was clear, Zelmane dismissed Musidorus." Sir P. Sidney. Coast guard. (a) A body of men originally employed along the coast to prevent smuggling; now, under the control of the admiralty, drilled as a naval reserve. [Eng.] (b) The force employed in lifesaving stations along the seacoast. [U. S.] -- Coast rat (Zoöl.), a South African mammal (Bathyergus suillus), about the size of a rabbit, remarkable for its extensive burrows; -- called also sand mole.  -- Coast waiter, a customhouse officer who superintends the landing or shipping of goods for the coast trade. [Eng.]  COAST Coast, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Coasted; p. pr. & vb. n. Coasting.] Etym: [OE. costien, costeien, costen, OF. costier, costoier, F. côtoyer, fr. Of. coste coast, F. côte. See Coast, n.]  1. To draw or keep near; to approach. [Obs.] Anon she hears them chant it lustily, And all in haste she coasteth to the cry. Shak.  2. To sail by or near the shore. The ancients coasted only in their navigation. Arbuthnot.  3. To sail from port to port in the same country.  4. Etym: [Cf. OF. coste, F. côte, hill, hillside.]  Defn: To slide down hill; to slide on a sled, upon snow or ice. [Local, U. S.]  COAST Coast, v. t.  1. To draw near to; to approach; to keep near, or by the side of. [Obs.] Hakluyt.  2. To sail by or near; to follow the coast line of. Nearchus, . . . not knowing the compass, was fain to coast that shore. Sir T. Browne.  3. To conduct along a coast or river bank. [Obs.] The Indians . . . coasted me along the river. Hakluyt. 
credit   Cred"it (krd"t), n. Etym: [F. cr (cf. It. credito), L. creditum loan, prop. neut. of creditus, p. p. of credere to trust, loan, believe. See Creed.]  1. Reliance on the truth of something said or done; belief; faith; trust; confidence. When Jonathan and the people heard these words they gave no credit into them, nor received them. 1 Macc. x. 46.  2. Reputation derived from the confidence of others; esteem; honor; good name; estimation. John Gilpin was a citizen Of credit and renown. Cowper.  3. A ground of, or title to, belief or confidence; authority derived from character or reputation. The things which we properly believe, be only such as are received on the credit of divine testimony. Hooker.  4. That which tends to procure, or add to, reputation or esteem; an honor. I published, because I was told I might please such as it was a credit to please. Pope.  5. Influence derived from the good opinion, confidence, or favor of others; interest. Having credit enough with his master to provide for his own interest. Clarendon.  6. (Com.)  Defn: Trust given or received; expectation of future playment for property transferred, or of fulfillment or promises given; mercantile reputation entitling one to be trusted; -- applied to individuals, corporations, communities, or nations; as, to buy goods on credit. Credit is nothing but the expectation of money, within some limited time. Locke.  7. The time given for payment for lands or goods sold on trust; as, a long credit or a short credit.  8. (Bookkeeping)  Defn: The side of an account on which are entered all items reckoned as values received from the party or the category named at the head of the account; also, any one, or the sum, of these items; -- the opposite of debit; as, this sum is carried to one's credit, and that to his debit; A has several credits on the books of B. Bank credit, or Cash credit. See under Cash.  -- Bill of credit. See under Bill.  -- Letter of credit, a letter or notification addressed by a banker to his correspondent, informing him that the person named therein is entitled to draw a certain sum of money; when addressed to several different correspondents, or when the money can be drawn in fractional sums in several different places, it is called a circular letter of credit.  -- Public credit. (a) The reputation of, or general confidence in, the ability or readiness of a government to fulfull its pecuniary engagements. (b) The ability and fidelity of merchants or others who owe largely in a community. He touched the dead corpse of Public Credit, and it sprung upon its feet. D. Webster.  CREDIT Cred"it (krd"t), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Credited; p. pr. & vb. n. Crediting.]  1. To confide in the truth of; to give credence to; to put trust in; to believe. How shall they credit A poor unlearned virgin Shak.  2. To bring honor or repute upon; to do credit to; to raise the estimation of. You credit the church as much by your government as you did the school formerly by your wit. South.  3. (Bookkeeping)  Defn: To enter upon the credit side of an account; to give credit for; as, to credit the amount paid; to set to the credit of; as, to credit a man with the interest paid on a bond. To credit with, to give credit for; to assign as justly due to any one. Crove, Helmholtz, and Meyer, are more than any others to be credited with the clear enunciation of this doctrine. Newman. 
grey   Grey, a.  Defn: See Gray (the correct orthography). 
dramatic  
miniature   Min"i*a*ture, n. Etym: [It. miniatura, fr. L. miniare. See Miniate, v.,Minium.]  1. Originally, a painting in colors such as those in mediæval manuscripts; in modern times, any very small painting, especially a portrait.  2. Greatly diminished size or form; reduced scale.  3. Lettering in red; rubric distinction. [Obs.]  4. A particular feature or trait. [Obs.] Massinger.  MINIATURE Min"i*a*ture, a.  Defn: Being on a small; much reduced from the reality; as, a miniature copy.  MINIATURE Min"i*a*ture, v. t.  Defn: To represent or depict in a small compass, or on a small scale. 
imaginary   Im*ag"i*na*ry, a. Etym: [L. imaginarius: cf. F. imaginaire.]  Defn: Existing only in imagination or fancy; not real; fancied; visionary; ideal. Wilt thou add to all the griefs I suffer Imaginary ills and fancied tortures Addison. Imaginary calculus See under Calculus.  -- Imaginary expression or quantity (Alg.), an algebraic expression which involves the impossible operation of taking the square root of a negative quantity; as, sq. root-9, a + b sq. root-1.  -- Imaginary points, lines, surfaces, etc. (Geom.), points, lines, surfaces, etc., imagined to exist, although by reason of certain changes of a figure they have in fact ceased to have a real existence.  Syn.  -- Ideal; fanciful; chimerical; visionary; fancied; unreal; illusive.  IMAGINARY Im*ag"i*na*ry, n. (Alg.)  Defn: An imaginary expression or quantity. 
petite   Pe*tite", a. [F., fem. of petit.]  Defn: Small, little; of a woman or girl, of small size and trim figure. 
nutty   Nut"ty, a.  1. Abounding in nuts.  2. Having a flavor like that of nuts; as, nutty wine.  NUX VOMICA Nux` vom"i*ca. Etym: [NL., fr. L. nux vomere to vomit.]  Defn: The seed of Strychnos Nuxvomica, a tree which abounds on the Malabar and Coromandel coasts of the East Indies. From this seed the deadly poisons known as strychnine and brucine are obtained. The seeds are sometimes called Quaker buttons. 
crown   Crown (krn),  Defn: p. p. of Crow. [Obs.]  CROWN Crown (kroun), n. Etym: [OE. corone, coroun, crune, croun, OF. corone, corune, F. couronne, fr. L. corona crown, wreath; akin to Gr. curvus curved, E. curve, curb, Gael. cruinn round, W. crwn. Cf. Cornice, Corona, Coroner, Coronet.]  1. A wreath or garland, or any ornamental fillet encircling the head, especially as a reward of victory or mark of honorable distinction; hence, anything given on account of, or obtained by, faithful or successful effort; a reward. "An olive branch and laurel crown." Shak. They do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptiblle. 1 Cor. ix. 25. Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life. Rev. ii. 10.  2. A royal headdress or cap of sovereignty, worn by emperors, kings, princes, etc.  Note: Nobles wear coronets; the triple crown of the pope is usually called a tiara. The crown of England is a circle of gold with crosses, fleurs-de-lis, and imperial arches, inclosing a crimson velvet cap, and ornamented with thousands of diamonds and precious stones.  3. The person entitled to wear a regal or imperial crown; the sovereign; -- with the definite article. Parliament may be dissolved by the demise of the crown. Blackstone. Large arrears of pay were due to the civil and military servants of the crown. Macaulay.  4. Imperial or regal power or dominion; sovereignty. There is a power behind the crown greater than the crown itself. Junius.  5. Anything which imparts beauty, splendor, honor, dignity, or finish. The hoary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness. Prov. xvi. 31. A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband. Prov. xvi. 4.  6. Highest state; acme; consummation; perfection. Mutual love, the crown of all our bliss. Milton.  7. The topmost part of anything; the summit. The steepy crown of the bare mountains. Dryden.  8. The topmost part of the head (see Illust. of Bird.); that part of the head from which the hair descends toward the sides and back; also, the head or brain. From toe to crown he'll fill our skin with pinches. Shak. Twenty things which I set down: This done, I twenty more-had in my crown. Bunyan.  9. The part of a hat above the brim.  10. (Anat.)  Defn: The part of a tooth which projects above the gum; also, the top or grinding surface of a tooth.  11. (Arch.)  Defn: The vertex or top of an arch; -- applied generally to about one third of the curve, but in a pointed arch to the apex only.  12. (Bot.)  Defn: Same as Corona.  13. (Naut.) (a) That part of an anchor where the arms are joined to the shank. (b) The rounding, or rounded part, of the deck from a level line. (c) pl.  Defn: The bights formed by the several turns of a cable. Totten.  14. The upper range of facets in a rose diamond.  15. The dome of a furnace.  16. (Geom.)  Defn: The area inclosed between two concentric perimeters.  17. (Eccl.)  Defn: A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head, as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure.  18. A size of writing paper. See under Paper.  19. A coin stamped with the image of a crown; hence,a denomination of money; as, the English crown, a silver coin of the value of five shillings sterling, or a little more than $1.20; the Danish or Norwegian crown, a money of account, etc., worth nearly twenty-seven cents.  20. An ornaments or decoration representing a crown; as, the paper is stamped with a crown. Crown of aberration (Astron.), a spurious circle around the true circle of the sun.  -- Crown antler (Zoöl.), the topmost branch or tine of an antler; also, an antler having a cuplike top, with tines springing from the rim.  -- Crown bar, one of the bars which support the crown sheet of steam-boiler furnace.  -- Crown glass. See under Glass.  -- Crown imperial. (Bot.) See in the Vocabulary.  -- Crown jewels, the jewels appertaining to the sovereign while wearing the crown. [Eng.] "She pawned and set to sale the crown jewels." Milton.  -- Crown land, land belonging to the crown, that is, to the sovereign.  -- Crown law, the law which governs criminal prosecutions. [Eng.] -- Crown lawyer, one employed by the crown, as in criminal cases. [Eng.] -- Crown octavo. See under Paper.  -- Crown office. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Crown paper. See under Paper.  -- Crown piece. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Crown Prince, the heir apparent to a crown or throne.  -- Crown saw. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Crown scab (Far.), a cancerous sore formed round the corners of a horse's hoof.  -- Crown sheet, the flat plate which forms the top of the furnace or fire box of an internally fired steam boiler.  -- Crown shell. (Zoöl.) See Acorn-shell.  -- Crown side. See Crown office.  -- Crown tax (Eccl. Hist.), a golden crown, or its value, which was required annually from the Jews by the king of Syria, in the time of the Maccabees. 1 Macc. x. 20.  -- Crown wheel. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Crown work. See in the Vocabulary.  -- Pleas of the crown (Engl. law), criminal actions.  CROWN Crown (kroun), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Crowned (kround); p. pr. & vb. n. Crowning.] Etym: [OE. coronen, corunen, crunien, crounien, OF. coroner, F. couronner, fr. L. coronare, fr. corona a crown. See Crown, n.]  1. To cover, decorate, or invest with a crown; hence, to invest with royal dignity and power. Her who fairest does appear, Crown her queen of all the year. Dryden. Crown him, and say, "Long live our emperor." Shak.  2. To bestow something upon as a mark of honor, dignity, or recompense; to adorn; to dignify. Thou . . . hast crowned him with glory and honor. Ps. viii. 5.  3. To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect. Amidst the grove that crowns yon tufted hill. Byron. One day shall crown the alliance. Shak. To crown the whole, came a proposition. Motley.  4. (Mech.)  Defn: To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges, as the face of a machine pulley.  5. (Mil.)  Defn: To effect a lodgment upon, as upon the crest of the glacis, or the summit of the breach. To crown a knot (Naut.), to lay the ends of the strands over and under each other.  CROWN COLONY Crown colony.  Defn: A colony of the British Empire not having an elective magistracy or a parliament, but governed by a chief magistrate (called Governor) appointed by the Crown, with executive councilors nominated by him and not elected by the people. 
tickle   Tic"kle, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tickled; p. pr. & vb. n. Tickling.] Etym: [Perhaps freq. of tick to beat; pat; but cf. also AS. citelian to tickle, D. kittelen, G. kitzlen, OHG. chizzilon, chuzzilon, Icel. kitla. Cf. Kittle, v. t.]  1. To touch lightly, so as to produce a peculiar thrilling sensation, which commonly causes laughter, and a kind of spasm which become dengerous if too long protracted. If you tickle us, do we not laugh Shak.  2. To please; to gratify; to make joyous. Pleased with a rattle, tickled with a straw. Pope. Such a nature Tickled with good success, disdains the shadow Which he treads on at noon. Shak.  TICKLE Tic"kle, v. i.  1. To feel titillation. He with secret joy therefore Did tickle inwardly in every vein. Spenser.  2. To excite the sensation of titillation. Shak.  TICKLE Tic"kle, a.  1. Ticklish; easily tickled. [Obs.]  2. Liable to change; uncertain; inconstant. [Obs.] The world is now full tickle, sikerly. Chaucer. So tickle is the state of earthy things. Spenser.  3. Wavering, or liable to waver and fall at the slightest touch; unstable; easily overthrown. [Obs.] Thy head stands so tickle on thy shoulders, that a milkmaid, if she be in love, may sigh it off. Shak.  TICKLE-FOOTED Tic"kle-foot`ed, a.  Defn: Uncertain; inconstant; slippery. [Obs. & R.] Beau. & Fl. 
utopian   U*to"pi*an, a.  Defn: Of or pertaining to Utopia; resembling Utopia; hence, ideal; chimerical; fanciful; founded upon, or involving, imaginary perfections; as, Utopian projects; Utopian happiness.  UTOPIAN U*to"pi*an, n.  Defn: An inhabitant of Utopia; hence, one who believes in the perfectibility of human society; a visionary; an idealist; an optimist. Hooker. 
secretive   Se*cret"ive, a.  Defn: Tending to secrete, or to keep secret or private; as, a secretive disposition. 
staking  Word is not found.
sable   Sa"ble, n. Etym: [OF. sable, F. zibeline sable (in sense 4), LL. sabellum; cf. D. sabel, Dan. sabel, zobel, Sw. sabel, sobel, G. zobel; all fr. Russ. sóbole.]  1. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A carnivorous animal of the Weasel family (Mustela zibellina) native of the northern latitudes of Europe, Asia, and America, -- noted for its fine, soft, and valuable fur.  Note: The sable resembles the marten, but has a longer head and ears. Its fur consists of a soft under wool, with a dense coat of hair, overtopped by another still longer. It varies greatly in color and quality according to the locality and the season of the year. The darkest and most valuable furs are taken in autumn and winter in the colder parts of Siberia, Russia, and British North America.  Note: The American sable, or marten, was formerly considered a distinct species (Mustela Americana), but it differs very little from the Asiatic sable, and is now considered only a geographical variety.  2. The fur of the sable.  3. A mouring garment; a funeral robe; -- generally in the plural. "Sables wove by destiny." Young.  4. (Her.)  Defn: The tincture black; -- represented by vertical and horizontal lines each other.  SABLE Sa"ble, a.  Defn: Of the color of the sable's fur; dark; black; -- used chiefly in poetry. Night, sable goddess! from her ebon throne, In rayless majesty, now stretches forth Her leaden scepter o'er a slumbering world. Young. Sable antelope (Zoöl.), a large South African antelope (Hippotragus niger). Both sexes have long, sharp horns. The adult male is black; the female is dark chestnut above, white beneath.  -- Sable iron, a superior quality of Russia iron; -- so called because originally stamped with the figure of a sable.  -- Sable mouse (Zoöl.), the lemming.  SABLE Sa"ble, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Sabled; p. pr. & vb. n. Sabling.]  Defn: To render sable or dark; to drape darkly or in black. Sabled all in black the shady sky. G. Fletcher. 
unkempt   Un*kempt", a. Etym: [Pref. un- not + kempt, p. p. of kemb.]  1. Not combed; disheveled; as, an urchin with unkempt hair.  2. Fig.; Not smoothed; unpolished; rough. My rhymes be rugged and unkempt. Spenser. 
broken   Bro"ken (bro"k'n), a. Etym: [From Break, v. t.]  1. Separated into parts or pieces by violence; divided into fragments; as, a broken chain or rope; a broken dish.  2. Disconnected; not continuous; also, rough; uneven; as, a broken surface.  3. Fractured; cracked; disunited; sundered; strained; apart; as, a broken reed; broken friendship.  4. Made infirm or weak, by disease, age, or hardships. The one being who remembered him as he been before his mind was broken. G. Eliot. The broken soldier, kindly bade to stay, Sat by his fire, and talked the night away. Goldsmith.  5. Subdued; humbled; contrite. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit. Ps. li. 17.  6. Subjugated; trained for use, as a horse.  7. Crushed and ruined as by something that destroys hope; blighted. "Her broken love and life." G. Eliot.  8. Not carried into effect; not adhered to; violated; as, a broken promise, vow, or contract; a broken law.  9. Ruined financially; incapable of redeeming promises made, or of paying debts incurred; as, a broken bank; a broken tradesman.  10. Imperfectly spoken, as by a foreigner; as, broken English; imperfectly spoken on account of emotion; as, to say a few broken words at parting. Amidst the broken words and loud weeping of those grave senators. Macaulay. Broken ground. (a) (Mil.) Rough or uneven ground; as, the troops were retarded in their advance by broken ground. (b) Ground recently opened with the plow.  -- Broken line (Geom.), the straight lines which join a number of given points taken in some specified order.  -- Broken meat, fragments of meat or other food.  -- Broken number, a fraction.  -- Broken weather, unsettled weather.  BROKEN-BACKED Bro"ken-backed`, a.  1. Having a broken back; as, a broken-backed chair.  2. (Naut.)  Defn: Hogged; so weakened in the frame as to droop at each end; -- said of a ship. Totten.  BROKEN-BELLIED Bro"ken-bel`lied, a.  Defn: Having a ruptured belly. [R.]  BROKEN BREAST Bro"ken breast`.  Defn: Abscess of the mammary gland.  BROKEN-HEARTED Bro"ken-heart`ed, a.  Defn: Having the spirits depressed or crushed by grief or despair. She left her husband almost broken-hearted. Macaulay.  Syn.  -- Disconsolable; heart-broken; inconsolable; comfortless; woe- begone; forlorn. 
title   Ti"tle, n. Etym: [OF. title, F. titre, L. titulus an inscription, label, title, sign, token. Cf. Tilde, Titrate, Titular.]  1. An inscription put over or upon anything as a name by which it is known.  2. The inscription in the beginning of a book, usually containing the subject of the work, the author's and publisher's names, the date, etc.  3. (Bookbindng)  Defn: The panel for the name, between the bands of the back of a book.  4. A section or division of a subject, as of a law, a book, specif. (Roman & Canon Laws), a chapter or division of a law book.  5. An appellation of dignity, distinction, or preëminence (hereditary or acquired), given to persons, as duke marquis, honorable, esquire, etc. With his former title greet Macbeth. Shak.  6. A name; an appellation; a designation.  7. (Law) (a) That which constitutes a just cause of exclusive possession; that which is the foundation of ownership of property, real or personal; a right; as, a good title to an estate, or an imperfect title. (b) The instrument which is evidence of a right. (c) (Canon Law) That by which a beneficiary holds a benefice.  8. (Anc. Church Records)  Defn: A church to which a priest was ordained, and where he was to reside. Title deeds (Law), the muniments or evidences of ownership; as, the title deeds to an estate.  Syn.  -- Epithet; name; appellation; denomination. See epithet, and Name.  TITLE Ti"tle, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Titled; p. pr. & vb. n. Titling.] Etym: [Cf. L. titulare, F. titrer. See Title, n.]  Defn: To call by a title; to name; to entitle. Hadrian, having quieted the island, took it for honor to be titled on his coin, "The Restorer of Britain." Milton. 
ceaseless   Cease"less, a.  Defn: Without pause or end; incessant.  CEASELESS Cease"less, adv.  Defn: Without intermission or end. 
treatment   Treat"ment, n. Etym: [Cf. F. traitement. See Treat.]  1. The act or manner of treating; management; manipulation; handling; usage; as, unkind treatment; medical treatment.  2. Entertainment; treat. [Obs.] Accept such treatment as a swain affords. Pope. 
thumb   Thumb, n. Etym: [OE. thombe, thoumbe, , AS. ; akin to OFries. th, D. duim, G. daumen, OHG. d, Icel. , Dan. tommelfinger, Sw. tunne, and perhaps to L. tumere to swell. *56. Cf. Thimble, Tumid.]  Defn: The short, thick first digit of the human hand, differing from the other fingers in having but two phalanges; the pollex. See Pollex. Upon his thumb he had of gold a ring. Chaucer. Thumb band, a twist of anything as thick as the thumb. Mortimer.  -- Thumb blue, indigo in the form of small balls or lumps, used by washerwomen to blue linen, and the like.  -- Thumb latch, a door latch having a lever formed to be pressed by the thumb.  -- Thumb mark. (a) The mark left by the impression of a thumb, as on the leaves of a book. Longfellow. (b) The dark spot over each foot in finely bred black and tan terriers.  -- Thumb nut, a nut for a screw, having wings to grasp between the thumb and fingers in turning it; also, a nut with a knurled rim for the same perpose.  -- Thumb ring, a ring worn on the thumb. Shak.  -- Thumb stall. (a) A kind of thimble or ferrule of iron, or leather, for protecting the thumb in making sails, and in other work. (b) (Mil.) A buckskin cushion worn on the thumb, and used to close the vent of a cannon while it is sponged, or loaded.  -- Under one's thumb, completely under one's power or influence; in a condition of subservience. [Colloq.]  THUMB Thumb, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Thumbed; p. pr. & vb. n. Thumbing.]  1. To handle awkwardly. Johnson.  2. To play with the thumbs, or with the thumbs and fingers; as, to thumb over a tune.  3. To soil or wear with the thumb or the fingers; to soil, or wear out, by frequent handling; also, to cover with the thumb; as, to thumb the touch-hole of a cannon. He gravely informed the enemy that all his cards had been thumbed to pieces, and begged them to let him have a few more packs. Macaulay.  THUMB Thumb, v. i.  Defn: To play with the thumb or thumbs; to play clumsily; to thrum. 
sleep   Sleep, obs.  Defn: imp. of Sleep. Slept. Chaucer.  SLEEP Sleep, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Slept; p. pr. & vb. n. Sleeping.] Etym: [OE. slepen, AS. sl; akin to OFries. sl, OS. slapan, D. slapen, OHG. slafan, G. schlafen, Goth. sl, and G. schlaff slack, loose, and L. labi to glide, slide, labare to totter. Cf. Lapse.]  1. To take rest by a suspension of the voluntary exercise of the powers of the body and mind, and an apathy of the organs of sense; to slumber. Chaucer. Watching at the head of these that sleep. Milton.  2. Figuratively: (a) To be careless, inattentive, or uncouncerned; not to be vigilant; to live thoughtlessly. We sleep over our happiness. Atterbury.  (b) To be dead; to lie in the grave. Them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. 1 Thess. iv. 14.  (c) To be, or appear to be, in repose; to be quiet; to be unemployed, unused, or unagitated; to rest; to lie dormant; as, a question sleeps for the present; the law sleeps. How sweet the moonlight sleep upon this bank! Shak.  SLEEP Sleep, v. t.  1. To be slumbering in; -- followed by a cognate object; as, to sleep a dreamless sleep. Tennyson.  2. To give sleep to; to furnish with accomodations for sleeping; to lodge. [R.] Blackw. Mag. To sleep away, to spend in sleep; as, to sleep away precious time.  -- To sleep off, to become free from by sleep; as, to sleep off drunkeness or fatigue.  SLEEP Sleep, n. Etym: [AS. sl; akin to OFries. sl, OS. slap, D. slaap, OHG. slaf, G. schlaf, Goth. sl. See Sleep, v. i.]  Defn: A natural and healthy, but temporary and periodical, suspension of the functions of the organs of sense, as well as of those of the voluntary and rational soul; that state of the animal in which there is a lessened acuteness of sensory perception, a confusion of ideas, and a loss of mental control, followed by a more or less unconscious state. "A man that waketh of his sleep." Chaucer. O sleep, thou ape of death. Shak.  Note: Sleep is attended by a relaxation of the muscles, and the absence of voluntary activity for any rational objects or purpose. The pulse is slower, the respiratory movements fewer in number but more profound, and there is less blood in the cerebral vessels. It is susceptible of greater or less intensity or completeness in its control of the powers. Sleep of plants (Bot.), a state of plants, usually at night, when their leaflets approach each other, and the flowers close and droop, or are covered by the folded leaves.  Syn.  -- Slumber; repose; rest; nap; doze; drowse.  SLEEP-AT-NOON Sleep"-at-noon", n. (Bot.)  Defn: A plant (Tragopogon pratensis) which closes its flowers at midday; a kind of goat's beard. Dr. Prior.  SLEEP-CHARGED Sleep"-charged`, a.  Defn: Heavy with sleep. 
careful   Care"ful, a. Etym: [AS. cearful.]  1. Full of care; anxious; solicitous [Archaic] Be careful [Rev. Ver. "anxious"] for nothing. Phil. iv. 6. The careful plowman doubting stands. Milton.  2. Filling with care or colicitube; exposing to concern, anxiety, or trouble; painful. The careful cold beinneth for to creep. Spenser. By Him that raised me to this careful height. Shak.  3. Taking care; gicing good heed; watchful; cautious; provident; not indifferent heedless, or reckless; -- often follower byof, for, or the infinitive; as, careful of money; careful to do right. Thou hast been careful for us with all this care. 2. Kings iv, 13. What could a careful father more have done Dryden.  Syn.  -- Anxious; solicitous; provident; thoughtful; cautious; circumspect; heedful; watchful; vigilant. 
like   Like, a. [Compar. Liker; superl. Likest.] Etym: [OE. lik, ilik, gelic, AS. gelic, fr. pref. ge- + lic body, and orig. meaning, having the same body, shape, or appearance, and hence, like; akin to OS. gilik, D. gelijk, G. gleich, OHG. gilih, Icel. likr, glikr, Dan. lig, Sw. lik, Goth. galeiks, OS. lik body, D. lijk, G. leiche, Icel. lik, Sw. lik, Goth. leik. The English adverbial ending-ly is from the same adjective. Cf. Each, Such, Which.]  1. Having the same, or nearly the same, appearance, qualities, or characteristics; resembling; similar to; similar; alike; -- often with in and the particulars of the resemblance; as, they are like each other in features, complexion, and many traits of character. 'The as like you As cherry is to cherry. Shak. Like master, like man. Old Prov. He giveth snow like wool; he scattereth the hoar-frost like ashes. Ps. cxlvii. 16.  Note: To, which formerly often followed like, is now usually omitted.  2. Equal, or nearly equal; as, fields of like extent. More clergymen were impoverished by the late war than ever in the like space before. Sprat.  3. Having probability; affording probability; probable; likely. [Likely is more used now.] Shak. But it is like the jolly world about us will scoff at the paradox of these practices. South. Many were not easy to be governed, nor like to conform themselves to strict rules. Clarendon.  4. Inclined toward; disposed to; as, to feel like taking a walk. Had like (followed by the infinitive), had nearly; came little short of. Had like to have been my utter overthrow. Sir W. Raleigh Ramona had like to have said the literal truth, . . . but recollected herself in time. Mrs. H. H. Jackson. Like figures (Geom.), similar figures.  Note: Like is used as a suffix, converting nouns into adjectives expressing resemblance to the noun; as, manlike, like a man; childlike, like a child; godlike, like a god, etc. Such compounds are readily formed whenever convenient, and several, as crescentlike, serpentlike, hairlike, etc., are used in this book, although, in some cases, not entered in the vocabulary. Such combinations as bell-like, ball-like, etc., are hyphened.  LIKE Like, n.  1. That which is equal or similar to another; the counterpart; an exact resemblance; a copy. He was a man, take him for all in all, I shall not look upon his like again. Shak.  2. A liking; a preference; inclination; -- usually in pl.; as, we all have likes and dislikes.  LIKE Like, adv. Etym: [AS. gelice. See Like, a.]  1. In a manner like that of; in a manner similar to; as, do not act like him. He maketh them to stagger like a drunken man. Job xii. 25.  Note: Like, as here used, is regarded by some grammarians as a preposition.  2. In a like or similar manner. Shak. Like as a father pitieth his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear him. Ps. ciii. 13.  3. Likely; probably. "Like enough it will." Shak.  LIKE Like, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Liked; p. pr. & vb. n. Liking.] Etym: [OE. liken to please, AS. lician, gelician, fr.gelic. See Like, a.]  1. To suit; to please; to be agreeable to. [Obs.] Cornwall him liked best, therefore he chose there. R. of Gloucester. I willingly confess that it likes me much better when I find virtue in a fair lodging than when I am bound to seek it in an ill-favored creature. Sir P. Sidney.  2. To be pleased with in a moderate degree; to approve; to take satisfaction in; to enjoy. He proceeded from looking to liking, and from liking to loving. Sir P. Sidney.  3. To liken; to compare.[Obs.] Like me to the peasant boys of France. Shak.  LIKE Like, v. i.  1. To be pleased; to choose. He may either go or stay, as he best likes. Locke.  2. To have an appearance or expression; to look; to seem to be (in a specified condition). [Obs.] You like well, and bear your years very well. Shak.  3. To come near; to avoid with difficulty; to escape narrowly; as, he liked to have been too late. Cf. Had like, under Like, a. [Colloq.] He probably got his death, as he liked to have done two years ago, by viewing the troops for the expedition from the wall of Kensington Garden. Walpole. To like of, to be pleased with. [Obs.] Massinger. 
suspect   Sus*pect", a. Etym: [L. suspectus, p.p. of suspicere to look up, admire, esteem, to look at secretly or askance, to mistrust; sub under + specere to look: cf. F. suspect suspected, suspicious. See Spy, and cf. Suspicion.]  1. Suspicious; inspiring distrust. [Obs.] Suspect [was] his face, suspect his word also. Chaucer.  2. Suspected; distrusted. [Obs.] What I can do or offer is suspect. Milton.  SUSPECT Sus*pect", n. Etym: [LL. suspectus. See Suspect, a.]  1. Suspicion. [Obs.] Chaucer. So with suspect, with fear and grief, dismayed. Fairfax.  2. One who, or that which, is suspected; an object of suspicion; -- formerly applied to persons and things; now, only to persons suspected of crime. Bacon.  SUSPECT Sus*pect", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Suspected; p. pr. & vb. n. Suspecting.]  1. To imagine to exist; to have a slight or vague opinion of the existence of, without proof, and often upon weak evidence or no evidence; to mistrust; to surmise; -- commonly used regarding something unfavorable, hurtful, or wrong; as, to suspect the presence of disease. Nothing makes a man suspect much, more than to know little; and therefore men should remedy suspicion by producing to know more. Bacon. From her hand I could suspect no ill. Milton.  2. To imagine to be guilty, upon slight evidence, or without proof; as, to suspect one of equivocation.  3. To hold to be uncertain; to doubt; to mistrust; to distruct; as, to suspect the truth of a story. Addison.  4. To look up to; to respect. [Obs.]  Syn.  -- To mistrust; distrust; surmise; doubt.  SUSPECT Sus*pect", v. i.  Defn: To imagine guilt; to have a suspicion or suspicions; to be suspicious. If I suspect without cause, why then make sport at time. Shak. 
rejoice   Re*joice" (r-jois"), v. i. [imp. & p. p. Rejoced (-joist"); p. pr. & vb. n. Rejoicing (-joi"sng).] Etym: [OE.rejoissen, OF. resjouir, resjoir, F. réjouir; pref. re- re- + OF, esjouir, esjoir, F. , to rejoice; pref. es- (L. ex-) + OF. jouir, joir, F. jouir, from L. gaudere to rejoice. See Joy.]  Defn: To feel joy; to experience gladness in a high degree; to have pleasurable satisfaction; to be delighted. "O, rejoice beyond a common joy." Shak. I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy. Ps. xxxi. 7.  Syn. To delight; joy; exult; triumph.  REJOICE Re*joice", v. t.  1. To enjoy. [Obs.] Bp. Peacock.  2. To give joi to; to make joyful; to gladden. I me rejoysed of my liberty. Chaucer. While she, great saint, rejoices heaven. Prior. Were he [Cain] alive, it would rejoice his soul to see what mischief it had made. Arbuthnot.  Syn.  -- To please; cheer; exhilarate; delight.  REJOICE Re*joice", n.  Defn: The act of rejoicing. Sir T. Browne. 
curious   Cu"ri*ous (k"r-s), a. Etym: [OF. curios, curius, F. curieux, L. curiosus careful, inquisitive, fr. cura care. See Cure.]  1. Difficult to please or satisfy; solicitous to be correct; careful; scrupulous; nice; exact. [Obs.] Little curious in her clothes. Fuller. How shall we, If he be curious, work upon his faith Bean &  2. Exhibiting care or nicety; artfully constructed; elaborate; wrought with elegance or skill. To devise curious works. Ex. xxxv. 32 His body couched in a curious bed. Shak.  3. Careful or anxious to learn; eager for knowledge; given to research or inquiry; habitually inquisitive; prying; -- sometimes with after or of. It is a picurious after things that were elegant and beatiful should not have been as curious as to their origin, their uses, and their natural history. Woodward.  4. Exciting attention or inquiry; awakening surprise; inviting and rewarding inquisitiveness; not simple or plain; strange; rare. "Acurious tale" Shak. A multitude of curious analogies. Mocaulay. Many a quaint and curiousvolume of forgotten lore. E. A. Poe. Abstruse investigations in recondite branches of learning or sciense often bring to light curious results. C. J. Smith. Curious arts, magic. [Obs.] Many . . . which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them. Acts xix. 19.  Syn.  -- Inquisitive; prying. See Inquisitive. 
cover   Cov"er (kv"r), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Covered (-rd); p. pr. & vb. n. Covering.] Etym: [OF. covrir, F. couvrir, fr. L. cooperire; co- + operire to cover; probably fr. ob towards, over + the root appearing in aperire to open. Cf. Aperient, Overt, Curfew.]  1. To overspread the surface of (one thing) with another; as, to cover wood with paint or lacquer; to cover a table with a cloth.  2. To envelop; to clothe, as with a mantle or cloak. And with the majesty of darkness round Covers his throune. Milton. All that beauty than doth cover thee. Shak.  3. To invest (one's self with something); to bring upon (one's self); as, he covered himself with glory. The powers that covered themselves with everlasting infamy by the partition of Poland. Brougham.  4. To hide sight; to conceal; to cloak; as, the snemy were covered from our sight by the woods. A cloud covered the mount. Exod. xxiv. 15. In vain shou striv'st to cover shame with shame. Milton.  5. To brood or sit on; to incubate. While the hen is covering her eggs, the male . . . diverts her with his songs. Addison.  6. To overwhelm; to spread over. The waters returned and covered the chariots and the horsemen. Ex. xiv. 28.  7. To shelter, as from evil or danger; to protect; to defend; as, the cavalry covered the retreat. His calm and blameless life Does with substantial blessedness abound, And the soft wings of peace cover him round. Cowley.  8. To remove from remembrance; to put away; to remit."Blessed is he whose is covered." Ps. xxxii. 1.  9. To extend over; to be sufficient for; to comprehend, include, or embrace; to account for or solve; to counterbalance; as, a mortgage which fully covers a sum loaned on it; a law which covers all possible cases of a crime; receipts than do not cover expenses.  10. To put the usual covering or headdress on. Cover thy head . . . ; nay, prithee, be covered. Shak.  11. To copulate with (a female); to serve; as. a horse covers a mare; -- said of the male. To cover ground or distance, to pass over; as, the rider covered the ground in an hour.  -- To cover one's short contracts (Stock Exchange), to buy stock when the market rises, as a dealer who has sold short does in order to protect himself.  -- Covering party (Mil.), a detachment of troops sent for the protection of another detachment, as of men working in the trenches.  -- To cover into, to transfer to; as, to cover into the treasury.  Syn.  -- To shelter; screen; shield; hide; overspread.  COVER Cov"er (kv"r), n.  1. Anything which is laid, set, or spread, upon, about, or over, another thing; an envelope; a lid; as, the cover of a book.  2. Anything which weils or conceals; a screen; disguise; a cloack. "Under cover of the night." Macualay. A hendsome cover for imperfections. Collier.  3. Shelter; protection; as, the troops fought under cover of the batteries; the woods afforded a good cover. Being compelled to lodge in the field . . . whilst his army was under cover, they might be forced to retire. Clarendon.  4. (Huntig)  Defn: The woods, underbrush, etc., which shelter and conceal game; covert; as, to beat a cover; to ride to cover.  5. That portion of a slate, tile, or shingle, which is hidden by the overlap of the course above. Knight.  6. (Steam Engine)  Defn: The lap of a slide valve.  7. Etym: [Cf. F. couvert.]  Defn: A tablecloth, and the other table furniture; esp., the table furniture for the use of one person at a meal; as, covers were laid for fifty guests. To break cover, to start from a covert or lair; -- said of game.  -- Under cover, in an envelope, or within a letter; -- said of a written message. Letters . . . dispatched under cover to her ladyship. Thackeray.  COVER Cov"er, v. i.  Defn: To spread a table for a meal; to prepare a banquet. [Obs.] Shak. 
tall   Tall, a. [Compar. Taller; superl. Tallest.] Etym: [OE. tal seemly, elegant, docile; of uncertain origin; cf. AS. un-tala, un-tale, bad, Goth. untals indocile, disobedient, uninstructed, or W. & Corn. tal high, Ir. talla meet, fit, proper, just.]  1. High in stature; having a considerable, or an unusual, extension upward; long and comparatively slender; having the diameter or lateral extent small in proportion to the height; as, a tall person, tree, or mast. Two of far nobler shape, erect and tall. Milton.  2. Brave; bold; courageous. [Obs.] As tall a trencherman As e'er demolished a pye fortification. Massinger. His companions, being almost in despair of victory, were suddenly recomforted by Sir William Stanley, which came to succors with three thousand tall men. Grafton.  3. Fine; splendid; excellent; also, extravagant; excessive. [Obs. or Slang] B. Jonson.  Syn.  -- High; lofty.  -- Tall, High, Lofty. High is the generic term, and is applied to anything which is elevated or raised above another thing. Tall specifically describes that which has a small diameter in proportion to its height; hence, we speak of a tall man, a tall steeple, a tall mast, etc., but not of a tall hill. Lofty has a special reference to the expanse above us, and denotes an imposing height; as, a lofty mountain; a lofty room. Tall is now properly applied only to physical objects; high and lofty have a moral acceptation; as, high thought, purpose, etc.; lofty aspirations; a lofty genius. Lofty is the stronger word, and is usually coupled with the grand or admirable.  TALLAGE; TALLIAGE Tal"lage, Tal"li*age, n. Etym: [F. taillage. See Taille, and cf. Tailage.] (O. Eng. Law)  Defn: A certain rate or tax paid by barons, knights, and inferior tenants, toward the public expenses. [Written also tailage, taillage.]  Note: When paid out of knight's fees, it was called scutage; when by cities and burghs, tallage; when upon lands not held by military tenure, hidage. Blackstone. 
dead   Dead, a. Etym: [OE. ded, dead, deed, AS. deád; akin to OS. d, D. dood, G. todt, tot, Icel. dau, Sw. & Dan. död, Goth. daubs; prop. p. p. of an old verb meaning to die. See Die, and cf. Death.]  1. Deprived of life; -- opposed to alive and living; reduced to that state of a being in which the organs of motion and life have irrevocably ceased to perform their functions; as, a dead tree; a dead man. "The queen, my lord, is dead." Shak. The crew, all except himself, were dead of hunger. Arbuthnot. Seek him with candle, bring him dead or living. Shak.  2. Destitute of life; inanimate; as, dead matter.  3. Resembling death in appearance or quality; without show of life; deathlike; as, a dead sleep.  4. Still as death; motionless; inactive; useless; as, dead calm; a dead load or weight.  5. So constructed as not to transmit sound; soundless; as, a dead floor.  6. Unproductive; bringing no gain; unprofitable; as, dead capital; dead stock in trade.  7. Lacking spirit; dull; lusterless; cheerless; as, dead eye; dead fire; dead color, etc.  8. Monotonous or unvaried; as, a dead level or pain; a dead wall. "The ground is a dead flat." C. Reade.  9. Sure as death; unerring; fixed; complete; as, a dead shot; a dead certainty. I had them a dead bargain. Goldsmith.  10. Bringing death; deadly. Shak.  11. Wanting in religious spirit and vitality; as, dead faith; dead works. "Dead in trespasses." Eph. ii. 1.  12. (Paint.) (a) Flat; without gloss; -- said of painting which has been applied purposely to have this effect. (b) Not brilliant; not rich; thus, brown is a dead color, as compared with crimson.  13. (Law)  Defn: Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property; as, one banished or becoming a monk is civilly dead.  14. (Mach.)  Defn: Not imparting motion or power; as, the dead spindle of a lathe, etc. See Spindle. Dead ahead (Naut.), directly ahead; -- said of a ship or any object, esp. of the wind when blowing from that point toward which a vessel would go.  -- Dead angle (Mil.), an angle or space which can not be seen or defended from behind the parapet.  -- Dead block, either of two wooden or iron blocks intended to serve instead of buffers at the end of a freight car.  -- Dead calm (Naut.), no wind at all.  -- Dead center, or Dead point (Mach.), either of two points in the orbit of a crank, at which the crank and connecting rod lie a straight line. It corresponds to the end of a stroke; as, A and B are dead centers of the crank mechanism in which the crank C drives, or is driven by, the lever L.  -- Dead color (Paint.), a color which has no gloss upon it.  -- Dead coloring (Oil paint.), the layer of colors, the preparation for what is to follow. In modern painting this is usually in monochrome.  -- Dead door (Shipbuilding), a storm shutter fitted to the outside of the quarter-gallery door.  -- Dead flat (Naut.), the widest or midship frame.  -- Dead freight (Mar. Law), a sum of money paid by a person who charters a whole vessel but fails to make out a full cargo. The payment is made for the unoccupied capacity. Abbott.  -- Dead ground (Mining), the portion of a vein in which there is no ore.  -- Dead hand, a hand that can not alienate, as of a person civilly dead. "Serfs held in dead hand." Morley. See Mortmain.  -- Dead head (Naut.), a rough block of wood used as an anchor buoy.  -- Dead heat, a heat or course between two or more race horses, boats, etc., in which they come out exactly equal, so that neither wins.  -- Dead horse, an expression applied to a debt for wages paid in advance. [Law] -- Dead language, a language which is no longer spoken or in common use by a people, and is known only in writings, as the Hebrew, Greek, and Latin.  -- Dead letter. (a) A letter which, after lying for a certain fixed time uncalled for at the post office to which it was directed, is then sent to the general post office to be opened. (b) That which has lost its force or authority; as, the law has become a dead letter.  -- Dead-letter office, a department of the general post office where dead letters are examined and disposed of.  -- Dead level, a term applied to a flat country.  -- Dead lift, a direct lift, without assistance from mechanical advantage, as from levers, pulleys, etc.; hence, an extreme emergency. "(As we say) at a dead lift." Robynson (More's Utopia).  -- Dead line (Mil.), a line drawn within or around a military prison, to cross which involves for a prisoner the penalty of being instantly shot.  -- Dead load (Civil Engin.), a constant, motionless load, as the weight of a structure, in distinction from a moving load, as a train of cars, or a variable pressure, as of wind.  -- Dead march (Mus.), a piece of solemn music intended to be played as an accompaniment to a funeral procession.  -- Dead nettle (Bot.), a harmless plant with leaves like a nettle (Lamium album).  -- Dead oil (Chem.), the heavy oil obtained in the distillation of coal tar, and containing phenol, naphthalus, etc.  -- Dead plate (Mach.), a solid covering over a part of a fire grate, to prevent the entrance of air through that part.  -- Dead pledge, a mortgage. See Mortgage.  -- Dead point. (Mach.) See Dead center.  -- Dead reckoning (Naut.), the method of determining the place of a ship from a record kept of the courses sailed as given by compass, and the distance made on each course as found by log, with allowance for leeway, etc., without the aid of celestial observations.  -- Dead rise, the transverse upward curvature of a vessel's floor.  -- Dead rising, an elliptical line drawn on the sheer plan to determine the sweep of the floorheads throughout the ship's length.  -- Dead-Sea apple. See under Apple.  -- Dead set. See under Set.  -- Dead shot. (a) An unerring marksman. (b) A shot certain to be made.  -- Dead smooth, the finest cut made; -- said of files.  -- Dead wall (Arch.), a blank wall unbroken by windows or other openings.  -- Dead water (Naut.), the eddy water closing in under a ship's stern when sailing.  -- Dead weight. (a) A heavy or oppressive burden. Dryden. (b) (Shipping) A ship's lading, when it consists of heavy goods; or, the heaviest part of a ship's cargo. (c) (Railroad) The weight of rolling stock, the live weight being the load. Knight.  -- Dead wind (Naut.), a wind directly ahead, or opposed to the ship's course.  -- To be dead, to die. [Obs.] I deme thee, thou must algate be dead. Chaucer.  Syn.  -- Inanimate; deceased; extinct. See Lifeless.  DEAD Dead, adv.  Defn: To a degree resembling death; to the last degree; completely; wholly. [Colloq.] I was tired of reading, and dead sleepy. Dickens. Dead drunk, so drunk as to be unconscious.  DEAD Dead, n.  1. The most quiet or deathlike time; the period of profoundest repose, inertness, or gloom; as, the dead of winter. When the drum beat at dead of night. Campbell.  2. One who is dead; -- commonly used collectively. And Abraham stood up from before his dead. Gen. xxiii. 3.  DEAD Dead, v. t.  Defn: To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigor. [Obs.] Heaven's stern decree, With many an ill, hath numbed and deaded me. Chapman.  DEAD Dead, v. i.  Defn: To die; to lose life or force. [Obs.] So iron, as soon as it is out of the fire, deadeth straightway. Bacon.  DEAD BEAT Dead` beat".  Defn: See Beat, n., 7. [Low, U.S.] 
drawer   Draw"er, n.  1. One who, or that which, draws; as: (a) One who draws liquor for guests; a waiter in a taproom. Shak. (b) One who delineates or depicts; a draughtsman; as, a good drawer. (c) (Law) One who draws a bill of exchange or order for payment; -- the correlative of drawee.  2. That which is drawn; as: (a) A sliding box or receptacle in a case, which is opened by pulling or drawing out, and closed by pushing in. (b) pl.  Defn: An under-garment worn on the lower limbs. Chest of drawers. See under Chest. 
charming   Charm"ing, a.  Defn: Pleasing the mind or senses in a high degree; delighting; fascinating; attractive. How charming is divine philosophy. Milton.  Syn. - Enchanting; bewitching; captivating; enrapturing; alluring; fascinating; delightful; pleasurable; graceful; lovely; amiable; pleasing; winning.  -- Charm"ing*ly, adv.  -- Charm"ing*ness, n. 
hapless   Hap"less, a.  Defn: Without hap or luck; luckless; unfortunate; unlucky; unhappy; as, hapless youth; hapless maid. Dryden. 
force   Force, v. t. Etym: [See Farce to stuff.]  Defn: To stuff; to lard; to farce. [R.] Wit larded with malice, and malice forced with wit. Shak.  FORCE Force, n. Etym: [Of Scand. origin; cf. Icel. fors, foss, Dan. fos.]  Defn: A waterfall; a cascade. [Prov. Eng.] To see the falls for force of the river Kent. T. Gray.  FORCE Force, n. Etym: [F. force, LL. forcia, fortia, fr. L. fortis strong. See Fort, n.]  1. Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigor; might; often, an unusual degree of strength or energy; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect; especially, power to persuade, or convince, or impose obligation; pertinency; validity; special signification; as, the force of an appeal, an argument, a contract, or a term. He was, in the full force of the words, a good man. Macaulay.  2. Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion. Which now they hold by force, and not by right. Shak.  3. Strength or power war; hence, a body of land or naval combatants, with their appurtenances, ready for action; -- an armament; troops; warlike array; -- often in the plural; hence, a body of men prepared for action in other ways; as, the laboring force of a plantation. Is Lucius general of the forces Shak.  4. (Law) (a) Strength or power exercised without law, or contrary to law, upon persons or things; violence. (b) Validity; efficacy. Burrill.  5. (Physics)  Defn: Any action between two bodies which changes, or tends to change, their relative condition as to rest or motion; or, more generally, which changes, or tends to change, any physical relation between them, whether mechanical, thermal, chemical, electrical, magnetic, or of any other kind; as, the force of gravity; cohesive force; centrifugal force. Animal force (Physiol.), muscular force or energy.  -- Catabiotic force Etym: [Gr. (Biol.), the influence exerted by living structures on adjoining cells, by which the latter are developed in harmony with the primary structures.  -- Centrifugal force, Centripetal force, Coercive force, etc. See under Centrifugal, Centripetal, etc.  -- Composition of forces, Correlation of forces, etc. See under Composition, Correlation, etc.  -- Force and arms Etym: [trans. of L. vi et armis] (Law), an expression in old indictments, signifying violence.  -- In force, or Of force, of unimpaired efficacy; valid; of full virtue; not suspended or reversed. "A testament is of force after men are dead." Heb. ix. 17.  -- Metabolic force (Physiol.), the influence which causes and controls the metabolism of the body.  -- No force, no matter of urgency or consequence; no account; hence, to do no force, to make no account of; not to heed. [Obs.] Chaucer.  -- Of force, of necessity; unavoidably; imperatively. "Good reasons must, of force, give place to better." Shak.  -- Plastic force (Physiol.), the force which presumably acts in the growth and repair of the tissues.  -- Vital force (Physiol.), that force or power which is inherent in organization; that form of energy which is the cause of the vital phenomena of the body, as distinguished from the physical forces generally known.  Syn.  -- Strength; vigor; might; energy; stress; vehemence; violence; compulsion; coaction; constraint; coercion.  -- Force, Strength. Strength looks rather to power as an inward capability or energy. Thus we speak of the strength of timber, bodily strength, mental strength, strength of emotion, etc. Force, on the other hand, looks more to the outward; as, the force of gravitation, force of circumstances, force of habit, etc. We do, indeed, speak of strength of will and force of will; but even here the former may lean toward the internal tenacity of purpose, and the latter toward the outward expression of it in action. But, though the two words do in a few cases touch thus closely on each other, there is, on the whole, a marked distinction in our use of force and strength. "Force is the name given, in mechanical science, to whatever produces, or can produce, motion." Nichol. Thy tears are of no force to mollify This flinty man. Heywood. More huge in strength than wise in works he was. Spenser. Adam and first matron Eve Had ended now their orisons, and found Strength added from above, new hope to spring Out of despair. Milton.  FORCE Force, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Forced; p. pr. & vb. n. Forcing.] Etym: [OF. forcier, F. forcer, fr. LL. forciare, fortiare. See Force, n.]  1. To constrain to do or to forbear, by the exertion of a power not resistible; to compel by physical, moral, or intellectual means; to coerce; as, masters force slaves to labor.  2. To compel, as by strength of evidence; as, to force conviction on the mind.  3. To do violence to; to overpower, or to compel by violence to one;s will; especially, to ravish; to violate; to commit rape upon. To force their monarch and insult the court. Dryden. I should have forced thee soon wish other arms. Milton. To force a spotless virgin's chastity. Shak.  4. To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically, to capture by assault; to storm, as a fortress.  5. To impel, drive, wrest, extort, get, etc., by main strength or violence; -- with a following adverb, as along, away, from, into, through, out, etc. It stuck so fast, so deeply buried lay That scarce the victor forced the steel away. Dryden. To force the tyrant from his seat by war. Sahk. Ethelbert ordered that none should be forced into religion. Fuller.  6. To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce. [Obs.] What can the church force more J. Webster.  7. To exert to the utmost; to urge; hence, to strain; to urge to excessive, unnatural, or untimely action; to produce by unnatural effort; as, to force a consient or metaphor; to force a laugh; to force fruits. High on a mounting wave my head I bore, Forcing my strength, and gathering to the shore. Dryden.  8. (Whist)  Defn: To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit of which he has none.  9. To provide with forces; to reënforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison. [Obs.] Shak.  10. To allow the force of; to value; to care for. [Obs.] For me, I force not argument a straw. Shak.  Syn.  -- To compel; constrain; oblige; necessitate; coerce; drive; press; impel.  FORCE Force, v. i. [Obs. in all the senses.]  1. To use violence; to make violent effort; to strive; to endeavor. Forcing with gifts to win his wanton heart. Spenser.  2. To make a difficult matter of anything; to labor; to hesitate; hence, to force of, to make much account of; to regard. Your oath once broke, you force not to forswear. Shak. I force not of such fooleries. Camden.  3. To be of force, importance, or weight; to matter. It is not sufficient to have attained the name and dignity of a shepherd, not forcing how. Udall. 
suggest   Sug*gest", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Suggested; p. pr. & vb. n. Suggesting.] Etym: [L. suggestus, p.p. of suggerere to put under, furnish, suggest; sub under + gerere to carry, to bring. See Jest.]  1. To introduce indirectly to the thoughts; to cause to be thought of, usually by the agency of other objects. Some ideas . . . are suggested to the mind by all the ways of sensation and reflection. Locke.  2. To propose with difference or modesty; to hint; to intimate; as, to suggest a difficulty.  3. To seduce; to prompt to evil; to tempt. [Obs.] Knowing that tender youth is soon suggested. Shak.  4. To inform secretly. [Obs.]  Syn.  -- To hint; allude to; refer to; insinuate.  SUGGEST Sug*gest", v. i.  Defn: To make suggestions; to tempt. [Obs.] And ever weaker grows through acted crime, Or seeming-genial, venial fault, Recurring and suggesting still. Tennyson. 
mice   Mice, n.,  Defn: pl of Mouse. 
twist   Twist, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Twisted; p. pr. & vb. n. Twisting.] Etym: [OE. twisten, AS. twist a rope, as made of two (twisted) strands, fr. twi- two; akin to D. twist a quarrel, dissension, G. zwist, Dan. & Sw. tvist, Icel. twistr the deuce in cards, tvistr distressed. See Twice, Two.]  1. To contort; to writhe; to complicate; to crook spirally; to convolve. Twist it into a serpentine form. Pope.  2. Hence, to turn from the true form or meaning; to pervert; as, to twist a passage cited from an author.  3. To distort, as a solid body, by turning one part relatively to another about an axis passing through both; to subject to torsion; as, to twist a shaft.  4. To wreathe; to wind; to encircle; to unite by intertexture of parts. "Longing to twist bays with that ivy." Waller. There are pillars of smoke twisted about wreaths of flame. T. Burnet.  5. To wind into; to insinuate; -- used reflexively; as, avarice twists itself into all human concerns.  6. To unite by winding one thread, strand, or other flexible substance, round another; to form by convolution, or winding separate things round each other; as, to twist yarn or thread. Shak.  7. Hence, to form as if by winding one part around another; to wreathe; to make up. Was it not to this end That thou began'st to twist so fine a story Shak.  8. To form into a thread from many fine filaments; as, to twist wool or cotton.  TWIST Twist, v. i.  1. To be contorted; to writhe; to be distorted by torsion; to be united by winding round each other; to be or become twisted; as, some strands will twist more easily than others.  2. To follow a helical or spiral course; to be in the form of a helix.  TWIST Twist, n.  1. The act of twisting; a contortion; a flexure; a convolution; a bending. Not the least turn or twist in the fibers of any one animal which does not render them more proper for that particular animal's way of life than any other cast or texture. Addison.  2. The form given in twisting. [He] shrunk at first sight of it; he found fault with the length, the thickness, and the twist. Arbuthnot.  3. That which is formed by twisting, convoluting, or uniting parts. Specifically: -- (a) A cord, thread, or anything flexible, formed by winding strands or separate things round each other. (b) A kind of closely twisted, strong sewing silk, used by tailors, saddlers, and the like. (c) A kind of cotton yarn, of several varieties. (d) A roll of twisted dough, baked. (e) A little twisted roll of tobacco. (f) (Weaving) One of the threads of a warp, -- usually more tightly twisted than the filling. (g) (Firearms)  Defn: A material for gun barrels, consisting of iron and steel twisted and welded together; as, Damascus twist. (h) (Firearms & Ord.) The spiral course of the rifling of a gun barrel or a cannon. (i) A beverage made of brandy and gin. [Slang]  4. Etym: [OE.; -- so called as being a two-forked branch. See Twist, v. t.]  Defn: A twig. [Obs.] Chaucer. Fairfax. Gain twist, or Gaining twist (Firearms), twist of which the pitch is less, and the inclination greater, at the muzzle than at the breech.  -- Twist drill, a drill the body of which is twisted like that of an auger. See Illust. of Drill.  -- Uniform twist (Firearms), a twist of which the spiral course has an equal pitch throughout. 
squeeze   Squeeze, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Squeezed; p. pr. & vb. n. Squeezing.] Etym: [OE. queisen, AS. cwesan, cwysan, cwisan, of uncertain origin. The s- was probably prefixed through the influence of squash, v.t.]  1. To press between two bodies; to press together closely; to compress; often, to compress so as to expel juice, moisture, etc.; as, to squeeze an orange with the fingers; to squeeze the hand in friendship.  2. Fig.: To oppress with hardships, burdens, or taxes; to harass; to crush. In a civil war, people must expect to be crushed and squeezed toward the burden. L'Estrange.  3. To force, or cause to pass, by compression; often with out, through, etc.; as, to squeeze water through felt.  Syn.  -- To compress; hug; pinch; gripe; crowd.  SQUEEZE Squeeze, v. i.  Defn: To press; to urge one's way, or to pass, by pressing; to crowd; -- often with through, into, etc.; as, to squeeze hard to get through a crowd.  SQUEEZE Squeeze, n.  1. The act of one who squeezes; compression between bodies; pressure.  2. A facsimile impression taken in some soft substance, as pulp, from an inscription on stone. 
sister   Sis"ter, n. Etym: [OE. sister, fr. Icel. systir; also suster, from AS. sweostor, sweoster, swuster, akin to OFries. sweester, suster, LG. süster, suster, D. zuster, OS. & OHG. swestar, G. schwester, Icel. systir, Sw. syster, Dan. söster, Goth. swistar, Lith. ses, Russ. sestra, Pol. siostra, L. soror, Skr. svasr. sq. root298. Cf. Cousin.]  1. A female who has the same parents with another person, or who has one of them only. In the latter case, she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother. I am the sister of one Claudio. Shak.  2. A woman who is closely allied to, or assocciated with, another person, as in the sdame faith, society, order, or community. James ii. 15.  3. One of the same kind, or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as, sister fruits. Pope. Sister Block (Naut.), a tackle block having two sheaves, one above the other.  -- Sister hooks, a pair of hooks fitted together, the shank of one forming a mousing for the other; -- called also match hook.  -- Sister of charity, Sister of mercy. (R. C. Ch.) See under Charity, and Mercy.  SISTER Sis"ter, v. t.  Defn: To be sister to; to resemble closely. [Obs.] Shak. 
gun   Gun, n. Etym: [OE. gonne, gunne; of uncertain origin; cf. Ir., Gael.) A LL. gunna, W. gum; possibly (like cannon) fr. L. canna reed, tube; or abbreviated fr. OF. mangonnel, E. mangonel, a machine for hurling stones.]  1. A weapon which throws or propels a missile to a distance; any firearm or instrument for throwing projectiles by the explosion of gunpowder, consisting of a tube or barrel closed at one end, in which the projectile is placed, with an explosive charge behind, which is ignited by various means. Muskets, rifles, carbines, and fowling pieces are smaller guns, for hand use, and are called small arms. Larger guns are called cannon, ordnance, fieldpieces, carronades, howitzers, etc. See these terms in the Vocabulary. As swift as a pellet out of a gunne When fire is in the powder runne. Chaucer. The word gun was in use in England for an engine to cast a thing from a man long before there was any gunpowder found out. Selden.  2. (Mil.)  Defn: A piece of heavy ordnance; in a restricted sense, a cannon.  3. pl. (Naut.)  Defn: Violent blasts of wind.  Note: Guns are classified, according to their construction or manner of loading as rifled or smoothbore, breech-loading or muzzle-loading, cast or built-up guns; or according to their use, as field, mountain, prairie, seacoast, and siege guns. Armstrong gun, a wrought iron breech-loading cannon named after its English inventor, Sir William Armstrong.  -- Great gun, a piece of heavy ordnance; hence (Fig.), a person superior in any way.  -- Gun barrel, the barrel or tube of a gun.  -- Gun carriage, the carriage on which a gun is mounted or moved.  -- Gun cotton (Chem.), a general name for a series of explosive nitric ethers of cellulose, obtained by steeping cotton in nitric and sulphuric acids. Although there are formed substances containing nitric acid radicals, yet the results exactly resemble ordinary cotton in appearance. It burns without ash, with explosion if confined, but quietly and harmlessly if free and open, and in small quantity. Specifically, the lower nitrates of cellulose which are insoluble in ether and alcohol in distinction from the highest (pyroxylin) which is soluble. See Pyroxylin, and cf. Xyloidin. The gun cottons are used for blasting and somewhat in gunnery: for making celluloid when compounded with camphor; and the soluble variety (pyroxylin) for making collodion. See Celluloid, and Collodion. Gun cotton is frequenty but improperly called nitrocellulose. It is not a nitro compound, but an ethereal salt of nitric acid.  -- Gun deck. See under Deck.  -- Gun fire, the time at which the morning or the evening gun is fired.  -- Gun metal, a bronze, ordinarily composed of nine parts of copper and one of tin, used for cannon, etc. The name is also given to certain strong mixtures of cast iron.  -- Gun port (Naut.), an opening in a ship through which a cannon's muzzle is run out for firing.  -- Gun tackle (Naut.), the blocks and pulleys affixed to the side of a ship, by which a gun carriage is run to and from the gun port.  -- Gun tackle purchase (Naut.), a tackle composed of two single blocks and a fall. Totten.  -- Krupp gun, a wrought steel breech-loading cannon, named after its German inventor, Herr Krupp.  -- Machine gun, a breech-loading gun or a group of such guns, mounted on a carriage or other holder, and having a reservoir containing cartridges which are loaded into the gun or guns and fired in rapid succession, sometimes in volleys, by machinery operated by turning a crank. Several hundred shots can be fired in a minute with accurate aim. The Gatling gun, Gardner gun, Hotchkiss gun, and Nordenfelt gun, named for their inventors, and the French mitrailleuse, are machine guns.  -- To blow great guns (Naut.), to blow a gale. See Gun, n., 3.  GUN Gun, v. i.  Defn: To practice fowling or hunting small game; -- chiefly in participial form; as, to go gunning. 
sassy  
introduce   In`tro*duce", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Introduced; p. pr. & vb. n. Introducing.] Etym: [L. introducere, introductum; intro within + ducere to lead. See Intro-, and Duke.]  1. To lead or bring in; to conduct or usher in; as, to introduce a person into a drawing-room.  2. To put (something into a place); to insert; as, to introduce the finger, or a probe.  3. To lead to and make known by formal announcement or recommendation; hence, to cause to be acquainted; as, to introduce strangers; to introduce one person to another.  4. To bring into notice, practice, cultivation, or use; as, to introduce a new fashion, method, or plant.  5. To produce; to cause to exist; to induce. [Obs.] Whosoever introduces habits in children, deserves the care and attention of their governors. Locke.  6. To open to notice; to begin; to present; as, he introduced the subject with a long preface.  Syn.  -- To bring in; usher in; insert; begin; preface. 
plate   Plate, n. Etym: [OF. plate a plate of metal, a cuirsas, F. plat a plate, a shallow vessel of silver, other metal, or earth, fr. plat flat, Gr. Place, n.]  1. A flat, or nearly flat, piece of metal, the thickness of which is small in comparison with the other dimensions; a thick sheet of metal; as, a steel plate.  2. Metallic armor composed of broad pieces. Mangled . . . through plate and mail. Milton.  3. Domestic vessels and utensils, as flagons, dishes, cups, etc., wrought in gold or silver.  4. Metallic ware which is plated, in distinction from that which is genuine silver or gold.  5. A small, shallow, and usually circular, vessel of metal or wood, or of earth glazed and baked, from which food is eaten at table.  6. Etym: [Cf. Sp. plata silver.]  Defn: A piece of money, usually silver money. [Obs.] "Realms and islands were as plates dropp'd from his pocket." Shak.  7. A piece of metal on which anything is engraved for the purpose of being printed; hence, an impression from the engraved metal; as, a book illustrated with plates; a fashion plate.  8. A page of stereotype, electrotype, or the like, for printing from; as, publisher's plates.  9. That part of an artificial set of teeth which fits to the mouth, and holds the teeth in place. It may be of gold, platinum, silver, rubber, celluloid, etc.  10. (Arch.)  Defn: A horizontal timber laid upon a wall, or upon corbels projecting from a wall, and supporting the ends of other timbers; also used specifically of the roof plate which supports the ends of the roof trusses or, in simple work, the feet of the rafters.  11. (Her.)  Defn: A roundel of silver or tinctured argent.  12. (Photog.)  Defn: A sheet of glass, porcelain, metal, etc., with a coating that is sensitive to light.  13. A prize giving to the winner in a contest.  Note: Plate is sometimes used in an adjectival sense or in combination, the phrase or compound being in most cases of obvious signification; as, plate basket or plate-basket, plate rack or plate- rack. Home plate. (Baseball) See Home base, under Home.  -- Plate armor. (a) See Plate, n., 2. (b) Strong metal plates for protecting war vessels, fortifications, and the like.  -- Plate bone, the shoulder blade, or scapula.  -- Plate girder, a girder, the web of which is formed of a single vertical plate, or of a series of such plates riveted together.  -- Plate glass. See under Glass.  -- Plate iron, wrought iron plates.  -- Plate layer, a workman who lays down the rails of a railway and fixes them to the sleepers or ties.  -- Plate mark, a special mark or emblematic figure stamped upon gold or silver plate, to indicate the place of manufacture, the degree of purity, and the like; thus, the local mark for London is a lion.  -- Plate paper, a heavy spongy paper, for printing from engraved plates. Fairholt.  -- Plate press, a press with a flat carriage and a roller, -- used for printing from engraved steel or copper plates.  -- Plate printer, one who prints from engraved plates.  -- Plate printing, the act or process of printing from an engraved plate or plates.  -- Plate tracery. (Arch.) See under Tracery.  -- Plate wheel (Mech.), a wheel, the rim and hub of which are connected by a continuous plate of metal, instead of by arms or spokes.  PLATE Plate, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Plated; p. pr. & vb. n. Plating.]  1. To cover or overlay with gold, silver, or other metals, either by a mechanical process, as hammering, or by a chemical process, as electrotyping.  2. To cover or overlay with plates of metal; to arm with metal for defense. Thus plated in habiliments of war. Shak.  3. To adorn with plated metal; as, a plated harness.  4. To beat into thin, flat pieces, or laminæ.  5. To calender; as, to plate paper. 
color   Col"or, n. [Written also colour.] Etym: [OF. color, colur, colour, F. couleur, L. color; prob. akin to celare to conceal (the color taken as that which covers). See Helmet.]  1. A property depending on the relations of light to the eye, by which individual and specific differences in the hues and tints of objects are apprehended in vision; as, gay colors; sad colors, etc.  Note: The sensation of color depends upon a peculiar function of the retina or optic nerve, in consequence of which rays of light produce different effects according to the length of their waves or undulations, waves of a certain length producing the sensation of red, shorter waves green, and those still shorter blue, etc. White, or ordinary, light consists of waves of various lengths so blended as to produce no effect of color, and the color of objects depends upon their power to absorb or reflect a greater or less proportion of the rays which fall upon them.  2. Any hue distinguished from white or black.  3. The hue or color characteristic of good health and spirits; ruddy complexion. Give color to my pale cheek. Shak.  4. That which is used to give color; a paint; a pigment; as, oil colors or water colors.  5. That which covers or hides the real character of anything; semblance; excuse; disguise; appearance. They had let down the boat into the sea, under color as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship. Acts xxvii. 30. That he should die is worthy policy; But yet we want a color for his death. Shak.  6. Shade or variety of character; kind; species. Boys and women are for the most part cattle of this color. Shak.  7. A distinguishing badge, as a flag or similar symbol (usually in the plural); as, the colors or color of a ship or regiment; the colors of a race horse (that is, of the cap and jacket worn by the jockey). In the United States each regiment of infantry and artillery has two colors, one national and one regimental. Farrow.  8. (Law)  Defn: An apparent right; as where the defendant in trespass gave to the plaintiff an appearance of title, by stating his title specially, thus removing the cause from the jury to the court. Blackstone.  Note: Color is express when it is asverred in the pleading, and implied when it is implied in the pleading. Body color. See under Body.  -- Color blindness, total or partial inability to distinguish or recognize colors. See Daltonism.  -- Complementary color, one of two colors so related to each other that when blended together they produce white light; -- so called because each color makes up to the other what it lacks to make it white. Artificial or pigment colors, when mixed, produce effects differing from those of the primary colors, in consequence of partial absorption.  -- Of color (as persons, races, etc.), not of the white race; -- commonly meaning, esp. in the United States, of negro blood, pure or mixed.  -- Primary colors, those developed from the solar beam by the prism, viz., red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, which are reduced by some authors to three, -- red, green, and violet-blue. These three are sometimes called fundamental colors.  -- Subjective or Accidental color, a false or spurious color seen in some instances, owing to the persistence of the luminous impression upon the retina, and a gradual change of its character, as where a wheel perfectly white, and with a circumference regulary subdiveded, is made to revolve rapidly over a dark object, the teeth, of the wheel appear to the eye of different shades of color varying with the rapidity of rotation. See Accidental colors, under Accidental.  COLOR Col"or, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Colored; p. pr. & vb. n. Coloring.] Etym: [F. colorer.]  1. To change or alter the bue or tint of, by dyeing, staining, painting, etc.; to dye; to tinge; to aint; to stain. The rays, to speak properly, are not colored; in them there is nothing else than a certain power and disposition to stir up a sensation of this or that color. Sir I. Newton.  2. To change or alter, as if by dyeing or painting; to give a false appearance to; usually, to give a specious appearance to; to cause to appear attractive; to make plausible; to palliate or excuse; as, the facts were colored by his prejudices. He colors the falsehood of Æneas by an express command from Jupiter to forsake the queen. Dryden.  3. To hide. [Obs.] That by his fellowship he color might Both his estate and love from skill of any wight. Spenser.  COLOR Col"or, v. i.  Defn: To acquire color; to turn red, especially in the face; to blush. 
beneficial   Ben`e*fi"cial, a. Etym: [Cf. F. bénéficial, LL. beneficialis.]  1. Conferring benefits; useful; profito. The war which would have been most beneficial to us. Swift.  2. (Law)  Defn: Receiving, or entitled to have or receive, advantage, use, or benefit; as, the beneficial owner of an estate. Kent.  3. King. [Obs.] "A beneficial foe." B. Jonson.  Syn.  -- See Advantage. 
cover   Cov"er (kv"r), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Covered (-rd); p. pr. & vb. n. Covering.] Etym: [OF. covrir, F. couvrir, fr. L. cooperire; co- + operire to cover; probably fr. ob towards, over + the root appearing in aperire to open. Cf. Aperient, Overt, Curfew.]  1. To overspread the surface of (one thing) with another; as, to cover wood with paint or lacquer; to cover a table with a cloth.  2. To envelop; to clothe, as with a mantle or cloak. And with the majesty of darkness round Covers his throune. Milton. All that beauty than doth cover thee. Shak.  3. To invest (one's self with something); to bring upon (one's self); as, he covered himself with glory. The powers that covered themselves with everlasting infamy by the partition of Poland. Brougham.  4. To hide sight; to conceal; to cloak; as, the snemy were covered from our sight by the woods. A cloud covered the mount. Exod. xxiv. 15. In vain shou striv'st to cover shame with shame. Milton.  5. To brood or sit on; to incubate. While the hen is covering her eggs, the male . . . diverts her with his songs. Addison.  6. To overwhelm; to spread over. The waters returned and covered the chariots and the horsemen. Ex. xiv. 28.  7. To shelter, as from evil or danger; to protect; to defend; as, the cavalry covered the retreat. His calm and blameless life Does with substantial blessedness abound, And the soft wings of peace cover him round. Cowley.  8. To remove from remembrance; to put away; to remit."Blessed is he whose is covered." Ps. xxxii. 1.  9. To extend over; to be sufficient for; to comprehend, include, or embrace; to account for or solve; to counterbalance; as, a mortgage which fully covers a sum loaned on it; a law which covers all possible cases of a crime; receipts than do not cover expenses.  10. To put the usual covering or headdress on. Cover thy head . . . ; nay, prithee, be covered. Shak.  11. To copulate with (a female); to serve; as. a horse covers a mare; -- said of the male. To cover ground or distance, to pass over; as, the rider covered the ground in an hour.  -- To cover one's short contracts (Stock Exchange), to buy stock when the market rises, as a dealer who has sold short does in order to protect himself.  -- Covering party (Mil.), a detachment of troops sent for the protection of another detachment, as of men working in the trenches.  -- To cover into, to transfer to; as, to cover into the treasury.  Syn.  -- To shelter; screen; shield; hide; overspread.  COVER Cov"er (kv"r), n.  1. Anything which is laid, set, or spread, upon, about, or over, another thing; an envelope; a lid; as, the cover of a book.  2. Anything which weils or conceals; a screen; disguise; a cloack. "Under cover of the night." Macualay. A hendsome cover for imperfections. Collier.  3. Shelter; protection; as, the troops fought under cover of the batteries; the woods afforded a good cover. Being compelled to lodge in the field . . . whilst his army was under cover, they might be forced to retire. Clarendon.  4. (Huntig)  Defn: The woods, underbrush, etc., which shelter and conceal game; covert; as, to beat a cover; to ride to cover.  5. That portion of a slate, tile, or shingle, which is hidden by the overlap of the course above. Knight.  6. (Steam Engine)  Defn: The lap of a slide valve.  7. Etym: [Cf. F. couvert.]  Defn: A tablecloth, and the other table furniture; esp., the table furniture for the use of one person at a meal; as, covers were laid for fifty guests. To break cover, to start from a covert or lair; -- said of game.  -- Under cover, in an envelope, or within a letter; -- said of a written message. Letters . . . dispatched under cover to her ladyship. Thackeray.  COVER Cov"er, v. i.  Defn: To spread a table for a meal; to prepare a banquet. [Obs.] Shak. 
helpless   Help"less, a.  1. Destitute of help or strength; unable to help or defend one's self; needing help; feeble; weak; as, a helpless infant. How shall I then your helpless fame defend Pope.  2. Beyond help; irremediable. Some helpless disagreement or dislike, either of mind or body. Milton.  3. Bringing no help; unaiding. [Obs.] Yet since the gods have been Helpless foreseers of my plagues. Chapman.  4. Unsupplied; destitute; -- with of. [R.] Helpless of all that human wants require. Dryden. -- Help"less*ly, adv.  -- Help"less*ness, n. 
year   Year, n. Etym: [OE. yer, yeer, ýer, AS. geár; akin to OFries. i, g, D. jaar, OHG. jar, G. jahr, Icel. ar, Dan. aar, Sw. år, Goth. j, Gr. yare year. sq. root4, 279. Cf. Hour, Yore.]  1. The time of the apparent revolution of the sun trough the ecliptic; the period occupied by the earth in making its revolution around the sun, called the astronomical year; also, a period more or less nearly agreeing with this, adopted by various nations as a measure of time, and called the civil year; as, the common lunar year of 354 days, still in use among the Mohammedans; the year of 360 days, etc. In common usage, the year consists of 365 days, and every fourth year (called bissextile, or leap year) of 366 days, a day being added to February on that year, on account of the excess above 365 days (see Bissextile). Of twenty year of age he was, I guess. Chaucer.  Note: The civil, or legal, year, in England, formerly commenced on the 25th of March. This practice continued throughout the British dominions till the year 1752.  2. The time in which any planet completes a revolution about the sun; as, the year of Jupiter or of Saturn.  3. pl.  Defn: Age, or old age; as, a man in years. Shak. Anomalistic year, the time of the earth's revolution from perihelion to perihelion again, which is 365 days, 6 hours, 13 minutes, and 48 seconds.  -- A year's mind (Eccl.), a commemoration of a deceased person, as by a Mass, a year after his death. Cf. A month's mind, under Month.  -- Bissextile year. See Bissextile.  -- Canicular year. See under Canicular.  -- Civil year, the year adopted by any nation for the computation of time.  -- Common lunar year, the period of 12 lunar months, or 354 days.  -- Common year, each year of 365 days, as distinguished from leap year.  -- Embolismic year, or Intercalary lunar year, the period of 13 lunar months, or 384 days.  -- Fiscal year (Com.), the year by which accounts are reckoned, or the year between one annual time of settlement, or balancing of accounts, and another.  -- Great year. See Platonic year, under Platonic.  -- Gregorian year, Julian year. See under Gregorian, and Julian.  -- Leap year. See Leap year, in the Vocabulary.  -- Lunar astronomical year, the period of 12 lunar synodical months, or 354 days, 8 hours, 48 minutes, 36 seconds.  -- Lunisolar year. See under Lunisolar.  -- Periodical year. See Anomalistic year, above.  -- Platonic year, Sabbatical year. See under Platonic, and Sabbatical.  -- Sidereal year, the time in which the sun, departing from any fixed star, returns to the same. This is 365 days, 6 hours, 9 minutes, and 9.3 seconds.  -- Tropical year. See under Tropical.  -- Year and a day (O. Eng. Law), a time to be allowed for an act or an event, in order that an entire year might be secured beyond all question. Abbott.  -- Year of grace, any year of the Christian era; Anno Domini; A. D. or a. d. 
thread   Thread, n. Etym: [OE. threed, , AS. ; akin to D. draad, G. draht wire, thread, OHG. drat, Icel. a thread, Sw. tråd, Dan. traad, and AS. to twist. See Throw, and cf. Third.]  1. A very small twist of flax, wool, cotton, silk, or other fibrous substance, drawn out to considerable length; a compound cord consisting of two or more single yarns doubled, or joined together, and twisted.  2. A filament, as of a flower, or of any fibrous substance, as of bark; also, a line of gold or silver.  3. The prominent part of the spiral of a screw or nut; the rib. See Screw, n., 1.  4. Fig.: Something continued in a long course or tenor; a,s the thread of life, or of a discourse. Bp. Burnet.  5. Fig.: Composition; quality; fineness. [Obs.] A neat courtier, Of a most elegant thread. B. Jonson. Air thread, the fine white filaments which are seen floating in the air in summer, the production of spiders; gossamer.  -- Thread and thrum, the good and bad together. [Obs.] Shak.  -- Thread cell (Zoöl.), a lasso cell. See under Lasso.  -- Thread herring (Zoöl.), the gizzard shad. See under Gizzard.  -- Thread lace, lace made of linen thread.  -- Thread needle, a game in which children stand in a row, joining hands, and in which the outer one, still holding his neighbor, runs between the others; -- called also thread the needle.  THREAD Thread, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Threaded; p. pr. & vb. n. Threading.]  1. To pass a thread through the eye of; as, to thread a needle.  2. To pass or pierce through as a narrow way; also, to effect or make, as one's way, through or between obstacles; to thrid. Heavy trading ships . . . threading the Bosphorus. Mitford. They would not thread the gates. Shak.  3. To form a thread, or spiral rib, on or in; as, to thread a screw or nut. 
tomatoes  Word is not found.
useful   Use"ful, a.  Defn: Full of use, advantage, or profit; producing, or having power to produce, good; serviceable for any end or object; helpful toward advancing any purpose; beneficial; profitable; advantageous; as, vessels and instruments useful in a family; books useful for improvement; useful knowledge; useful arts. To what can I useful! Milton. 
health   Health, n. Etym: [OE. helthe, AS. hhal hale, sound, whole. See Whole.]  1. The state of being hale, sound, or whole, in body, mind, or soul; especially, the state of being free from physical disease or pain. There is no health in us. Book of Common Prayer. Though health may be enjoyed without gratitude, it can not be sported with without loss, or regained by courage. Buckminster.  2. A wish of health and happiness, as in pledging a person in a toast. "Come, love and health to all." Shak. Bill of health. See under Bill.  -- Health lift, a machine for exercise, so arranged that a person lifts an increasing weight, or moves a spring of increasing tension, in such a manner that most of the muscles of the body are brought into gradual action; -- also called lifting machine.  -- Health officer, one charged with the enforcement of the sanitary laws of a port or other place.  -- To drink a health. See under Drink. 
acidic   A*cid"ic, a. (Min.)  Defn: Containing a high percentage of silica; -- opposed to basic. an acidic solution. 
little   Lit"tle, a. [The regular comparative of this word is wanting, its place being supplied by less, or, rarely, lesser. See Lesser. For the superlative least is used, the regular form, littlest, occurring very rarely, except in some of the English provinces, and occasionally in colloquial language. " Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear." Shak.] Etym: [OE. litel, lutel, AS. l, litel, l; akin to OS. littil, D. luttel, LG. lütt, OHG. luzzil, MHG. lützel; and perh. to AS. lytig deceitful, lot deceit, Goth. liuts deceitful, lut to deceive; cf. also Icel. litill little, Sw. liten, Dan. liden, lille, Goth. leitils, which appear to have a different root vowel.]  1. Small in size or extent; not big; diminutive; -- opposed to big or large; as, a little body; a little animal; a little piece of ground; a little hill; a little distance; a little child. He sought to see Jesus who he was; and could not for the press, because he was little of stature. Luke xix. 3.  2. Short in duration; brief; as, a little sleep. Best him enough: after a little time, I'll beat him too. Shak.  3. Small in quantity or amount; not much; as, a little food; a little air or water. Conceited of their little wisdoms, and doting upon their own fancies. Barrow.  4. Small in dignity, power, or importance; not great; insignificant; contemptible. When thou wast little in thine own sight, wast thou not made the head of the tribes I Sam. xv. 17.  5. Small in force or efficiency; not strong; weak; slight; inconsiderable; as, little attention or exertion;little effort; little care or diligence. By sad experiment I know How little weight my words with thee can find. Milton.  6. Small in extent of views or sympathies; narrow; shallow; contracted; mean; illiberal; ungenerous. The long-necked geese of the world that are ever hissing dispraise, Because their natures are little. Tennyson. Little chief. (Zoöl.) See Chief hare.  -- Little finger, the fourth and smallest finger of the hand.  -- Little go (Eng. Universities), a public examination about the middle of the course, which as less strict and important than the final one; -- called also smalls. Cf. Great go, under Great. Thackeray.  -- Little hours (R. C. Ch.), the offices of prime, tierce, sext, and nones. Vespers and compline are sometimes included.  -- Little ones, young children. The men, and the women, and the little ones. Deut. ii. 34.  LITTLE Lit"tle, n.  1. That which is little; a small quantity, amount, space, or the like. Much was in little writ. Dryden. There are many expressions, which carrying with them no clear ideas, are like to remove but little of my ignorance. Locke.  2. A small degree or scale; miniature. " His picture in little." Shak. A little, to or in a small degree; to a limited extent; somewhat; for a short time. " Stay a little." Shak. The painter flattered her a little. Shak. -- By little and little, or Little by little, by slow degrees; piecemeal; gradually.  LITTLE Lit"tle, adv.  Defn: In a small quantity or degree; not much; slightly; somewhat; -- often with a preceding it. " The poor sleep little." Otway.  LITTLE-EASE Lit"tle-ease`, n.  Defn: An old slang name for the pillory, stocks, etc., of a prison.[Eng.] Latimer. 
curtain   Cur"tain (kr"tn; 48), n. Etym: [OE.cortin, curtin,fr. OF. cortine, curtine, F. courtine, LL. cortina, curtian (in senses 1 and 2), also, small court, small inclosure surrounded by walls, from cortis court. See Court.]  1. A hanging screen intended to darken or conceal, and admitting of being drawn back or up, and reclosed at pleasure; esp., drapery of cloth or lace hanging round a bed or at a window; in theaters, and like places, a movable screen for concealing the stage.  2. (Fort.)  Defn: That part of the rampart and parapet which is between two bastions or two gates. See Illustrations of Ravelin and Bastion.  3. (Arch.)  Defn: That part of a wall of a building which is between two pavilions, towers, etc.  4. A flag; an ensign; -- in contempt. [Obs.] Shak. Behind the curtain, in concealment; in secret.  -- Curtain lecture, a querulous lecture given by a wife to her husband within the bed curtains, or in bed. Jerrold. A curtain lecture is worth all the sermons in the world for teaching the virtues of patience and long-suffering. W. Irving. -- The curtain falls, the performance closes.  -- The curtain rises, the performance begins.  -- To draw the curtain, to close ot over an object, or to remove it; hence: (a) To hide or to disclose an object. (b) To commence or close a performance.  -- To drop the curtain, to end the tale, or close the performance.  CURTAIN Cur"tain, v. t. [imp. & p.p. Curtained (-tnd; 48); p. pr. & vb. n. Curtaining.]  Defn: To inclose as with curtains; to furnish with curtains. So when the sun in bed Curtained with cloudy red. Milton. 
card   Card, n. Etym: [F. carte, fr. L. charta paper, Gr. Chart.]  1. A piece of pasteboard, or thick paper, blank or prepared for various uses; as, a playing card; a visiting card; a card of invitation; pl. a game played with cards. Our first cards were to Carabas House. Thackeray.  2. A published note, containing a brief statement, explanation, request, expression of thanks, or the like; as, to put a card in the newspapers. Also, a printed programme, and (fig.), an attraction or inducement; as, this will be a good card for the last day of the fair.  3. A paper on which the points of the compass are marked; the dial or face of the mariner's compass. All the quartere that they know I' the shipman's card. Shak.  4. (Weaving)  Defn: A perforated pasteboard or sheet-metal plate for warp threads, making part of the Jacquard apparatus of a loom. See Jacquard.  5. An indicator card. See under Indicator. Business card, a card on which is printed an advertisement or business address.  -- Card basket (a) A basket to hold visiting cards left by callers. (b) A basket made of cardboard.  -- Card catalogue. See Catalogue.  -- Card rack, a rack or frame for holding and displaying business or visiting card.  -- Card table, a table for use inplaying cards, esp. one having a leaf which folds over.  -- On the cards, likely to happen; foretold and expected but not yet brought to pass; -- a phrase of fortune tellers that has come into common use; also, according to the programme.  -- Playing card, cards used in playing games; specifically, the cards cards used playing which and other games of chance, and having each pack divided onto four kinds or suits called hearts, diamonds, clubs, and spades. The full or whist pack contains fifty-two cards.  -- To have the cards in one's own hands, to have the winning cards; to have the means of success in an undertaking.  -- To play one's cards well, to make no errors; to act shrewdly.  -- To play snow one's cards, to expose one's plants to rivals or foes.  -- To speak by the card, to speak from information and definitely, not by guess as in telling a ship's bearing by the compass card.  -- Visiting card, a small card bearing the name, and sometimes the address, of the person presenting it.  CARD Card, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Carded; p. pr. & vb. n. Carding.]  Defn: To play at cards; to game. Johnson.  CARD Card, n. Etym: [F. carde teasel, the head of a thistle, card, from L. carduus, cardus, thistle, fr. carere to card.]  1. An instrument for disentangling and arranging the fibers of cotton, wool, flax, etc.; or for cleaning and smoothing the hair of animals; -- usually consisting of bent wire teeth set closely in rows in a thick piece of leather fastened to a back.  2. A roll or sliver of fiber (as of wool) delivered from a carding machine. Card clothing, strips of wire-toothed card used for covering the cylinders of carding machines.  CARD Card, v. t.  1. To comb with a card; to cleanse or disentangle by carding; as, to card wool; to card a horse. These card the short comb the longer flakes. Dyer.  2. To clean or clear, as if by using a card. [Obs.] This book [must] be carded and purged. T. Shelton.  3. To mix or mingle, as with an inferior or weaker article. [Obs.] You card your beer, if you guests being to be drunk.  -- half small, half strong. Greene.  Note: In the manufacture of wool, cotton, etc., the process of carding disentangles and collects together all the fibers, of whatever length, and thus differs from combing, in which the longer fibers only are collected, while the short straple is combed away. See Combing. 
tiger   Ti"ger, n. Etym: [OE. tigre, F. tigre, L. tigris, Gr. ti`gris; probably of Persian origin; cf. Zend tighra pointed, tighri an arrow, Per. tir; perhaps akin to E. stick, v.t.; -- probably so named from its quickness.]  1. A very large and powerful carnivore (Felis tigris) native of Southern Asia and the East Indies. Its back and sides are tawny or rufous yellow, transversely striped with black, the tail is ringed with black, the throat and belly are nearly white. When full grown, it equals or exceeds the lion in size and strength. Called also royal tiger, and Bengal tiger.  2. Fig.: A ferocious, bloodthirsty person. As for heinous tiger, Tamora. Shak.  3. A servant in livery, who rids with his master or mistress. Dickens.  4. A kind of growl or screech, after cheering; as, three cheers and a tiger. [Colloq. U.S.]  5. A pneumatic box or pan used in refining sugar. American tiger. (Zoöl.) (a) The puma. (b) The jaguar.  -- Clouded tiger (Zoöl.), a handsome striped and spotted carnivore (Felis macrocelis or F. marmorata) native of the East Indies and Southern Asia. Its body is about three and a half feet long, and its tail about three feet long. Its ground color is brownish gray, and the dark markings are irregular stripes, spots, and rings, but there are always two dark bands on the face, one extending back from the eye, and one from the angle of the mouth. Called also tortoise-shell tiger.  -- Mexican tiger (Zoöl.), the jaguar.  -- Tiger beetle (Zoöl.), any one of numerous species of active carnivorous beetles of the family Cicindelidæ. They usually inhabit dry or sandy places, and fly rapidly.  -- Tiger bittern. (Zoöl.) See Sun bittern, under Sun.  -- Tiger cat (Zoöl.), any one of several species of wild cats of moderate size with dark transverse bars or stripes somewhat resembling those of the tiger.  -- Tiger flower (Bot.), an iridaceous plant of the genus Tigridia (as T. conchiflora, T. grandiflora, etc.) having showy flowers, spotted or streaked somewhat like the skin of a tiger.  -- Tiger grass (Bot.), a low East Indian fan palm (Chamærops Ritchieana). It is used in many ways by the natives. J. Smith (Dict. Econ. Plants).  -- Tiger lily. (Bot.) See under Lily.  -- Tiger moth (Zoöl.), any one of numerous species of moths of the family Arctiadæ which are striped or barred with black and white or with other conspicuous colors. The larvæ are called woolly bears.  -- Tiger shark (Zoöl.), a voracious shark (Galeocerdo maculatus or tigrinus) more or less barred or spotted with yellow. It is found in both the Atlantic and Indian Ocean. Called also zebra shark.  -- Tiger shell (Zoöl.), a large and conspicuously spotted cowrie (Cypræa tigris); -- so called from its fancied resemblance to a tiger in color and markings. Called also tiger cowrie.  -- Tiger wolf (Zoöl.), the spotted hyena (Hyæna crocuta).  -- Tiger wood, the variegated heartwood of a tree (Machærium Schomburgkii) found in Guiana.  TIGER-EYE Ti"ger-eye`, n. (Min.)  Defn: A siliceous stone of a yellow color and chatoyant luster, obtained in South Africa and much used for ornament. It is an altered form of the mineral crocidolite. See Crocidolite.  TIGER-FOOT Ti"ger-foot`, n. (Bot.)  Defn: Same as Tiger's-foot.  TIGER-FOOTED Ti"ger-foot`ed, a.  Defn: Hastening to devour; furious. 
listen   Lis"ten, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Listened; p. pr. & vb. n. Listening.] Etym: [OE. listnen, listen, lustnen, lusten, AS. hlystan; akin to hlyst hearing, OS. hlust, Icel. hlusta to listen, hlust ear, AS. hlosnian to wait in suspense, OHG. hlosen to listen, Gr. loud. sq. root41. See Loud, and cf. List to listen.]  1. To give close attention with the purpose of hearing; to give ear; to hearken; to attend. When we have occasion to listen, and give a more particular attention to same sound, the tympanum is drawn to a more than ordinary tension. Holder.  2. To give heed; to yield to advice; to follow admonition; to obey. Listen to me, and by me be ruled. Tennyson. To listen after, to take an interest in. [Obs.] Soldiers note forts, armories, and magazines; scholars listen after libraries, disputations, and professors. Fuller.  Syn.  -- To attend; hearken. See Attend.  LISTEN Lis"ten, v. t.  Defn: To attend to. [Obs.] Shak. 
authority   Au*thor"i*ty, n.; pl. Authorities (. Etym: [OE. autorite, auctorite, F. autorité, fr. L. auctoritas, fr. auctor. See Author, n.]  1. Legal or rightful power; a right to command or to act; power exercised buy a person in virtue of his office or trust; dominion; jurisdiction; authorization; as, the authority of a prince over subjects, and of parents over children; the authority of a court. Thus can the demigod, Authority, Make us pay down for our offense. Shak. By what authority doest thou these things Matt. xxi. 23.  2. Government; the persons or the body exercising power or command; as, the local authorities of the States; the military authorities. [Chiefly in the plural.]  3. The power derived from opinion, respect, or esteem; influence of character, office, or station, or mental or moral superiority, and the like; claim to be believed or obeyed; as, an historian of no authority; a magistrate of great authority.  4. That which, or one who, is claimed or appealed to in support of opinions, actions, measures, etc. Hence: (a) Testimony; witness. "And on that high authority had believed." Milton. (b) A precedent; a decision of a court, an official declaration, or an opinion, saying, or statement worthy to be taken as a precedent. (c) A book containing such a statement or opinion, or the author of the book. (d) Justification; warrant. Wilt thou be glass wherein it shall discern Authority for sin, warrant for blame. Shak. 
nonchalant   Non`cha`lant", a. Etym: [F., fr. non not (L. non) + chaloir to concern one's self for, fr. L. calere to be warm, to be inflamed with desire, to be troubled. See Non-, and Caldron.]  Defn: Indifferent; careless; cool. 
superficial   Su`per*fi"cial, a. Etym: [L. superficialis: cf. F. superficiel. See Superficies.]  1. Of or pertaining to the superficies, or surface; lying on the surface; shallow; not deep; as, a superficial color; a superficial covering; superficial measure or contents; superficial tillage.  2. Reaching or comprehending only what is obvious or apparent; not deep or profound; shallow; -- said especially in respect to study, learning, and the like; as, a superficial scholar; superficial knowledge. This superficial tale Is but a preface of her worthy praise. Shak. He is a presumptuous and superficial writer. Burke. That superficial judgment, which happens to be right without deserving to be so. J. H. Newman. -- Su`per*fi"cial*ly, adv.  -- Su`per*fi"cial*ness, n. 
fireman       Fire"man, n.; pl. Firemen (-men).  1. A man whose business is to extinguish fires in towns; a member of a fire company.  2. A man who tends the fires, as of a steam engine; a stocker.  FIRE-NEW Fire"-new`, a.  Defn: Fresh from the forge; bright; quite new; brand-new. Charles reade. Your fire-new stamp of honor is scarce current. Shak. 
ban   Ban, n. Etym: [AS. bann command, edict; akin to D. ban, Icel. bann, Dan. band, OHG. ban, G. bann, a public proclamation, as of interdiction or excommunication, Gr. to say, L. fari to speak, Skr. bhan to speak; cf. F. ban, LL. bannum, of G. origin. Abandon, Fame.]  1. A public proclamation or edict; a public order or notice, mandatory or prohibitory; a summons by public proclamation.  2. (Feudal & Mil.)  Defn: A calling together of the king's (esp. the French king's) vassals for military service; also, the body of vassals thus assembled or summoned. In present usage, in France and Prussia, the most effective part of the population liable to military duty and not in the standing army.  3. pl.  Defn: Notice of a proposed marriage, proclaimed in church. See Banns (the common spelling in this sense).  4. An interdiction, prohibition, or proscription. "Under ban to touch." Milton.  5. A curse or anathema. "Hecate's ban." Shak.  6. A pecuniary mulct or penalty laid upon a delinquent for offending against a ban; as, a mulct paid to a bishop by one guilty of sacrilege or other crimes. Ban of the empire (German Hist.), an imperial interdict by which political rights and privileges, as those of a prince, city, or district, were taken away.  BAN Ban, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Banned (p. pr. & vb. n. Banning.] Etym: [OE. bannen, bannien, to summon, curse, AS. bannan to summon; akin to Dan. bande, forbande, to curse, Sw. banna to revile, bannas to curse. See Ban an edict, and cf. Banish.]  1. To curse; to invoke evil upon. Sir W. Scott.  2. To forbid; to interdict. Byron.  BAN Ban, v. i.  Defn: To curse; to swear. [Obs.] Spenser.  BAN Ban, n. Etym: [Serv. ban; cf. Russ. & Pol. pan a masterban.]  Defn: An ancient title of the warden of the eastern marches of Hungary; now, a title of the viceroy of Croatia and Slavonia. 
yarn   Yarn, n. Etym: [OE. yarn, ýarn, AS. gearn; akin to D. garen, G., OHG., Icel., Sw., & Dan. garn; of uncertain origin. Cf. Cord.]  1. Spun wool; woolen thread; also, thread of other material, as of cotton, flax, hemp, or silk; material spun and prepared for use in weaving, knitting, manufacturing sewing thread, or the like.  2. (Rope Making)  Defn: One of the threads of which the strands of a rope are composed.  3. A story told by a sailor for the amusement of his companions; a story or tale; as, to spin a yarn. [Colloq.] 
alcoholic   Al`co*hol"ic, a. Etym: [Cf. F. alcolique.]  Defn: Of or pertaining to alcohol, or partaking of its qualities; derived from, or caused by, alcohol; containing alcohol; as, alcoholic mixtures; alcoholic gastritis; alcoholic odor.  ALCOHOLIC Al`co*hol"ic, n.  1. A person given to the use of alcoholic liquors.  2. pl.  Defn: Alcoholic liquors. 
finger   Fin"ger, n. Etym: [AS. finger; akin to D. vinger, OS. & OHG. fingar, G. finger, Icel. fingr, Sw. & Dan. finger, Goth. figgrs; of unknown origin; perh. akin to E. fang.]  1. One of the five terminating members of the hand; a digit; esp., one of the four extermities of the hand, other than the thumb.  2. Anything that does work of a finger; as, the pointer of a clock, watch, or other registering machine; especially (Mech.) a small projecting rod, wire, or piece, which is brought into contact with an object to effect, direct, or restrain a motion.  3. The breadth of a finger, or the fourth part of the hand; a measure of nearly an inch; also, the length of finger, a measure in domestic use in the United States, of about four and a half inches or one eighth of a yard. A piece of steel three fingers thick. Bp. Wilkins.  4. Skill in the use of the fingers, as in playing upon a musical instrument. [R.] She has a good finger. Busby. Ear finger, the little finger.  -- Finger alphabet. See Dactylology.  -- Finger bar, the horizontal bar, carrying slotted spikes, or fingers, through which the vibratory knives of mowing and reaping machines play.  -- Finger board (Mus.), the part of a stringed instrument against which the fingers press the strings to vary the tone; the keyboard of a piano, organ, etc.; manual.  -- Finger bowl or glass, a bowl or glass to hold water for rinsing the fingers at table.  -- Finger flower (Bot.), the foxglove.  -- Finger grass (Bot.), a kind of grass (Panicum sanguinale) with slender radiating spikes; common crab grass. See Crab grass, under Crab.  -- Finger nut, a fly nut or thumb nut.  -- Finger plate, a strip of metal, glass, etc., to protect a painted or polished door from finger marks.  -- Finger post, a guide post bearing an index finger.  -- Finger reading, reading printed in relief so as to be sensible to the touch; -- so made for the blind.  -- Finger shell (Zoöl.), a marine shell (Pholas dactylus) resembling a finger in form.  -- Finger sponge (Zoöl.), a sponge having finger-shaped lobes, or branches.  -- Finger stall, a cover or shield for a finger.  -- Finger steel, a steel instrument for whetting a currier's knife. To burn one's fingers. See under Burn.  -- To have a finger in, to be concerned in. [Colloq.] -- To have at one's fingers' ends, to be thoroughly familiar with. [Colloq.]  FINGER Fin"ger, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Fingered; p. pr. & vb. n. Fingering.]  1. To touch with the fingers; to handle; to meddle with. Let the papers lie; You would be fingering them to anger me. Shak.  2. To touch lightly; to toy with.  3. (Mus.) (a) To perform on an instrument of music. (b) To mark the notes of (a piece of music) so as to guide the fingers in playing.  4. To take thievishly; to pilfer; to purloin. Shak.  5. To execute, as any delicate work.  FINGER Fin"ger, v. i. (Mus.)  Defn: To use the fingers in playing on an instrument. Busby. 
aback   A*back", adv. Etym: [Pref. a- + back; AS. on bæc at, on, or toward the back. See Back.]  1. Toward the back or rear; backward. "Therewith aback she started." Chaucer.  2. Behind; in the rear. Knolles.  3. (Naut.)  Defn: Backward against the mast;-said of the sails when pressed by the wind. Totten. To be taken aback. (a) To be driven backward against the mast; -- said of the sails, also of the ship when the sails are thus driven. (b) To be suddenly checked, baffled, or discomfited. Dickens.  ABACK Ab"ack, n.  Defn: An abacus. [Obs.] B. Jonson. 
horse   Horse, n. Etym: [AS. hors; akin to OS. hros, D. & OHG. ros, G. ross, Icel. hross; and perh. to L. currere to run, E. course, current Cf. Walrus.]  1. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A hoofed quadruped of the genus Equus; especially, the domestic horse (E. caballus), which was domesticated in Egypt and Asia at a very early period. It has six broad molars, on each side of each jaw, with six incisors, and two canine teeth, both above and below. The mares usually have the canine teeth rudimentary or wanting. The horse differs from the true asses, in having a long, flowing mane, and the tail bushy to the base. Unlike the asses it has callosities, or chestnuts, on all its legs. The horse excels in strength, speed, docility, courage, and nobleness of character, and is used for drawing, carrying, bearing a rider, and like purposes.  Note: Many varieties, differing in form, size, color, gait, speed, etc., are known, but all are believed to have been derived from the same original species. It is supposed to have been a native of the plains of Central Asia, but the wild species from which it was derived is not certainly known. The feral horses of America are domestic horses that have run wild; and it is probably true that most of those of Asia have a similar origin. Some of the true wild Asiatic horses do, however, approach the domestic horse in several characteristics. Several species of fossil (Equus) are known from the later Tertiary formations of Europe and America. The fossil species of other genera of the family Equidæ are also often called horses, in general sense.  2. The male of the genus horse, in distinction from the female or male; usually, a castrated male.  3. Mounted soldiery; cavalry; -- used without the plural termination; as, a regiment of horse; -- distinguished from foot. The armies were appointed, consisting of twenty-five thousand horse and foot. Bacon.  4. A frame with legs, used to support something; as, a clotheshorse, a sawhorse, etc.  5. A frame of timber, shaped like a horse, on which soldiers were made to ride for punishment.  6. Anything, actual or figurative, on which one rides as on a horse; a hobby.  7. (Mining)  Defn: A mass of earthy matter, or rock of the same character as the wall rock, occurring in the course of a vein, as of coal or ore; hence, to take horse -- said of a vein -- is to divide into branches for a distance.  8. (Naut.) (a) See Footrope, a. (b) A breastband for a leadsman. (c) An iron bar for a sheet traveler to slide upon. (d) A jackstay. W. C. Russell. Totten.  Note: Horse is much used adjectively and in composition to signify of, or having to do with, a horse or horses, like a horse, etc.; as, horse collar, horse dealer or horsehorsehoe, horse jockey; and hence, often in the sense of strong, loud, coarse, etc.; as, horselaugh, horse nettle or horse-nettle, horseplay, horse ant, etc. Black horse, Blood horse, etc. See under Black, etc.  -- Horse aloes, caballine aloes.  -- Horse ant (Zoöl.), a large ant (Formica rufa); -- called also horse emmet.  -- Horse artillery, that portion of the artillery in which the cannoneers are mounted, and which usually serves with the cavalry; flying artillery.  -- Horse balm (Bot.), a strong-scented labiate plant (Collinsonia Canadensis), having large leaves and yellowish flowers.  -- Horse bean (Bot.), a variety of the English or Windsor bean (Faba vulgaris), grown for feeding horses.  -- Horse boat, a boat for conveying horses and cattle, or a boat propelled by horses.  -- Horse bot. (Zoöl.) See Botfly, and Bots.  -- Horse box, a railroad car for transporting valuable horses, as hunters. [Eng.] -- Horse breaker or trainer, one employed in subduing or training horses for use.  -- Horse car. (a) A railroad car drawn by horses. See under Car. (b) A car fitted for transporting horses.  -- Horse cassia (Bot.), a leguminous plant (Cassia Javanica), bearing long pods, which contain a black, catharic pulp, much used in the East Indies as a horse medicine.  -- Horse cloth, a cloth to cover a horse.  -- Horse conch (Zoöl.), a large, spiral, marine shell of the genus Triton. See Triton.  -- Horse courser. (a) One that runs horses, or keeps horses for racing. Johnson. (b) A dealer in horses. [Obs.] Wiseman.  -- Horse crab (Zoöl.), the Limulus; -- called also horsefoot, horsehoe crab, and king crab.  -- Horse crevallé (Zoöl.), the cavally.  -- Horse emmet (Zoöl.), the horse ant.  -- Horse finch (Zoöl.), the chaffinch. [Prov. Eng.] -- Horse gentian (Bot.), fever root.  -- Horse iron (Naut.), a large calking iron.  -- Horse latitudes, a space in the North Atlantic famous for calms and baffling winds, being between the westerly winds of higher latitudes and the trade winds. Ham. Nav. Encyc.  -- Horse mackrel. (Zoöl.) (a) The common tunny (Orcynus thunnus), found on the Atlantic coast of Europe and America, and in the Mediterranean. (b) The bluefish (Pomatomus saltatrix). (c) The scad. (d) The name is locally applied to various other fishes, as the California hake, the black candlefish, the jurel, the bluefish, etc.  -- Horse marine (Naut.), an awkward, lubbery person; one of a mythical body of marine cavalry. [Slang] -- Horse mussel (Zoöl.), a large, marine mussel (Modiola modiolus), found on the northern shores of Europe and America.  -- Horse nettle (Bot.), a coarse, prickly, American herb, the Solanum Carolinense.  -- Horse parsley. (Bot.) See Alexanders.  -- Horse purslain (Bot.), a coarse fleshy weed of tropical America (Trianthema monogymnum).  -- Horse race, a race by horses; a match of horses in running or trotting.  -- Horse racing, the practice of racing with horses.  -- Horse railroad, a railroad on which the cars are drawn by horses; -- in England, and sometimes in the United States, called a tramway.  -- Horse run (Civil Engin.), a device for drawing loaded wheelbarrows up an inclined plane by horse power.  -- Horse sense, strong common sense. [Colloq. U.S.] -- Horse soldier, a cavalryman.  -- Horse sponge (Zoöl.), a large, coarse, commercial sponge (Spongia equina).  -- Horse stinger (Zoöl.), a large dragon fly. [Prov. Eng.] -- Horse sugar (Bot.), a shrub of the southern part of the United States (Symplocos tinctoria), whose leaves are sweet, and good for fodder.  -- Horse tick (Zoöl.), a winged, dipterous insect (Hippobosca equina), which troubles horses by biting them, and sucking their blood; -- called also horsefly, horse louse, and forest fly.  -- Horse vetch (Bot.), a plant of the genus Hippocrepis (H. comosa), cultivated for the beauty of its flowers; -- called also horsehoe vetch, from the peculiar shape of its pods.  -- Iron horse, a locomotive. [Colloq.] -- Salt horse, the sailor's name for salt beef.  -- To look a gift horse in the mouth, to examine the mouth of a horse which has been received as a gift, in order to ascertain his age; -- hence, to accept favors in a critical and thankless spirit. Lowell.  -- To take horse. (a) To set out on horseback. Macaulay. (b) To be covered, as a mare. (c) See definition 7 (above).  HORSE Horse, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Horsed; p. pr. & vb. n. Horsing.] Etym: [AS. horsion.]  1. To provide with a horse, or with horses; to mount on, or as on, a horse. "Being better horsed, outrode me." Shak.  2. To sit astride of; to bestride. Shak.  3. To cover, as a mare; -- said of the male.  4. To take or carry on the back; as, the keeper, horsing a deer. S. Butler.  5. To place on the back of another, or on a wooden horse, etc., to be flogged; to subject to such punishment.  HORSE Horse, v. i.  Defn: To get on horseback. [Obs.] Shelton. 
view   View, n. Etym: [OF. veue, F. vue, fr. OF. veoir to see, p. p. veu, F. voir, p. p. vu, fr. L. videre to see. See Vision, and cl. Interview, Purview, Review, Vista.]  1. The act of seeing or beholding; sight; look; survey; examination by the eye; inspection. Thenceforth I thought thee worth my nearer view. Milton. Objects near our view are thought greater than those of a larger size are more remote. Locke. Surveying nature with too nice a view. Dryden.  2. Mental survey; intellectual perception or examination; as, a just view of the arguments or facts in a case. I have with exact view perused thee, Hector. Shak.  3. Power of seeing, either physically or mentally; reach or range of sight; extent of prospect. The walls of Pluto's palace are in view. Dryden.  4. That which is seen or beheld; sight presented to the natural or intellectual eye; scene; prospect; as, the view from a window. 'T is distance lends enchantment to the view. Campbell.  5. The pictorial representation of a scene; a sketch, as, a fine view of Lake George.  6. Mode of looking at anything; manner of apprehension; conception; opinion; judgment; as, to state one's views of the policy which ought to be pursued. To give a right view of this mistaken part of liberty. Locke.  7. That which is looked towards, or kept in sight, as object, aim, intention, purpose, design; as, he did it with a view of escaping. No man sets himself about anything but upon some view or other which serves him for a reason. Locke.  8. Appearance; show; aspect. [Obs.] [Graces] which, by the splendor of her view Dazzled, before we never knew. Waller. Field of view. See under Field.  -- Point of view. See under Point.  -- To have in view, to have in mind as an incident, object, or aim; as, to have one's resignation in view.  -- View halloo, the shout uttered by a hunter upon seeing the fox break cover.  -- View of frankpledge (Law), a court of record, held in a hundred, lordship, or manor, before the steward of the leet. Blackstone.  -- View of premises (Law), the inspection by the jury of the place where a litigated transaction is said to have occurred.  VIEW View, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Viewed; p. pr. & vb. n. Viewing.]  1. To see; to behold; especially, to look at with attention, or for the purpose of examining; to examine with the eye; to inspect; to explore. O, let me view his visage, being dead. Shak. Nearer to view his prey, and, unespied, To mark what of their state he more might learn. Milton.  2. To survey or examine mentally; to consider; as, to view the subject in all its aspects. The happiest youth, viewing his progress through. Shak. 
silver   Sil"ver, n. Etym: [OE. silver, selver, seolver, AS. seolfor, siolfur, siolufr, silofr, sylofr; akin to OS. silubar, OFries. selover, D. zilver, LG. sulver, OHG. silabar, silbar, G. silber, Icel. silfr, Sw. silfver, Dan. sölv, Goth. silubr, Russ. serebro, Lith. sidabras; of unknown origin.]  1. (Chem.)  Defn: A soft white metallic element, sonorous, ductile, very malleable, and capable of a high degree of polish. It is found native, and also combined with sulphur, arsenic, antimony, chlorine, etc., in the minerals argentite, proustite, pyrargyrite, ceragyrite, etc. Silver is one of the "noble" metals, so-called, not being easily oxidized, and is used for coin, jewelry, plate, and a great variety of articles. Symbol Ag (Argentum). Atomic weight 107.7. Specific gravity 10.5.  Note: Silver was known under the name of luna to the ancients and also to the alchemists. Some of its compounds, as the halogen salts, are remarkable for the effect of light upon them, and are used in photography.  2. Coin made of silver; silver money.  3. Anything having the luster or appearance of silver.  4. The color of silver.  Note: Silver is used in the formation of many compounds of obvious meaning; as, silver-armed, silver-bright, silver-buskined, silver- coated, silver-footed, silver-haired, silver-headed, silver-mantled, silver-plated, silver-slippered, silver-sounding, silver-studded, silver-tongued, silver-white. See Silver, a. Black silver (Min.), stephanite; -- called also brittle silver ore, or brittle silver glance.  -- Fulminating silver. (Chem.) (a) A black crystalline substance, Ag2O.(NH3)2, obtained by dissolving silver oxide in aqua ammonia. When dry it explodes violently on the slightest percussion. (b) Silver fulminate, a white crystalline substance, Ag2C2N2O2, obtained by adding alcohol to a solution of silver nitrate. When dry it is violently explosive.  -- German silver. (Chem.) See under German.  -- Gray silver. (Min.) See Freieslebenite.  -- Horn silver. (Min.) See Cerargyrite.  -- King's silver. (O. Eng. Law) See Postfine.  -- Red silver, or Ruby silver. (Min.) See Proustite, and Pyrargyrite.  -- Silver beater, one who beats silver into silver leaf or silver foil.  -- Silver glance, or Vitreous silver. (Min.) See Argentine.  SILVER Sil"ver, a.  1. Of or pertaining to silver; made of silver; as, silver leaf; a silver cup.  2. Resembling silver. Specifically: (a) Bright; resplendent; white. "Silver hair." Shak. Others, on silver lakes and rivers, bathed Their downy breast. Milton.  (b) Precious; costly. (c) Giving a clear, ringing sound soft and clear. "Silver voices." Spenser. (d) Sweet; gentle; peaceful. "Silver slumber." Spenser. American silver fir (Bot.), the balsam fir. See under Balsam.  -- Silver age (Roman Lit.), the latter part (a. d. 14-180) of the classical period of Latinity, -- the time of writers of inferior purity of language, as compared with those of the previous golden age, so-called.  -- Silver-bell tree (Bot.), an American shrub or small tree (Halesia tetraptera) with white bell-shaped flowers in clusters or racemes; the snowdrop tree.  -- Silver bush (Bot.), a shrubby leguminous plant (Anthyllis Barba- Jovis) of Southern Europe, having silvery foliage.  -- Silver chub (Zoöl.), the fallfish.  -- Silver eel. (Zoöl.) (a) The cutlass fish. (b) A pale variety of the common eel.  -- Silver fir (Bot.), a coniferous tree (Abies pectinata) found in mountainous districts in the middle and south of Europe, where it often grows to the height of 100 or 150 feet. It yields Burgundy pitch and Strasburg turpentine.  -- Silver foil, foil made of silver.  -- Silver fox (Zoöl.), a variety of the common fox (Vulpes vulpes, variety argenteus) found in the northern parts of Asia, Europe, and America. Its fur is nearly black, with silvery tips, and is highly valued. Called also black fox, and silver-gray fox.  -- Silver gar. (Zoöl.) See Billfish (a) -- Silver grain (Bot.), the lines or narrow plates of cellular tissue which pass from the pith to the bark of an exogenous stem; the medullary rays. In the wood of the oak they are much larger than in that of the beech, maple, pine, cherry, etc.  -- Silver grebe (Zoöl.), the red-throated diver. See Illust. under Diver.  -- Silver hake (Zoöl.), the American whiting.  -- Silver leaf, leaves or sheets made of silver beaten very thin.  -- Silver lunge (Zoöl.), the namaycush.  -- Silver moonfish.(Zoöl.) See Moonfish (b).  -- Silver moth (Zoöl.), a lepisma.  -- Silver owl (Zoöl.), the barn owl.  -- Silver perch (Zoöl.), the mademoiselle, 2.  -- Silver pheasant (Zoöl.), any one of several species of beautiful crested and long-tailed Asiatic pheasants, of the genus Euplocamus. They have the tail and more or less of the upper parts silvery white. The most common species (E. nychtemerus) is native of China.  -- Silver plate, domestic utensils made of silver.  -- Silver plover (Zoöl.), the knot.  -- Silver salmon (Zoöl.), a salmon (Oncorhynchus kisutch) native of both coasts of the North Pacific. It ascends all the American rivers as far south as the Sacramento. Called also kisutch, whitefish, and white salmon.  -- Silver shell (Zoöl.), a marine bivalve of the genus Anomia. See Anomia.  -- Silver steel, an alloy of steel with a very small proportion of silver.  -- Silver stick, a title given to the title field officer of the Life Guards when on duty at the palace. [Eng.] Thackeray.  -- Silver tree (Bot.), a South African tree (Leucadendron argenteum) with long, silvery, silky leaves.  -- Silver trout, (Zoöl.) See Trout.  -- Silver wedding. See under Wedding.  -- Silver whiting (Zoöl.), a marine sciænoid food fish (Menticirrus littoralis) native of the Southern United States; -- called also surf whiting.  -- Silver witch (Zoöl.), A lepisma.  SILVER Sil"ver, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Silvered; p. pr. & vb. n. Silvering.]  1. To cover with silver; to give a silvery appearance to by applying a metal of a silvery color; as, to silver a pin; to silver a glass mirror plate with an amalgam of tin and mercury.  2. To polish like silver; to impart a brightness to, like that of silver. And smiling calmness silvered o'er the deep. Pope.  3. To make hoary, or white, like silver. His head was silvered o'er with age. Gay.  SILVER Sil"ver, v. i.  Defn: To acquire a silvery color. [R.] The eastern sky began to silver and shine. L. Wallace. 
alleged  Word is not found.
stocking   Stock"ing, n. Etym: [From Stock, which was formerly used of a covering for the legs and feet, combining breeches, or upper stocks, and stockings, or nether stocks.]  Defn: A close-fitting covering for the foot and leg, usually knit or woven. Blue stocking. See Bluestocking.  -- Stocking frame, a machine for knitting stockings or other hosiery goods.  STOCKING Stock"ing, v. t.  Defn: To dress in GBs. Dryden. 
wasteful   Waste"ful, c.  1. Full of waste; destructive to property; ruinous; as; wasteful practices or negligence; wasteful expenses.  2. Expending, or tending to expend, property, or that which is valuable, in a needless or useless manner; lavish; prodigal; as, a wasteful person; a wasteful disposition.  3. Waste; desolate; unoccupied; untilled. [Obs.] In wilderness and wasteful desert strayed. Spenser.  Syn.  -- Lavish; profuse; prodigal; extravagant.  -- Waste"ful*ly, adv.  -- Waste"ful*ness, n. 
gaping  
agonizing  Word is not found.
carriage   Car"riage, n. Etym: [OF. cariage luggage, carriage, chariage carriage, cart, baggage, F. charriage, cartage, wagoning, fr. OF. carier, charier, F. charrier, to cart. See Carry.]  1. That which is carried; burden; baggage. [Obs.] David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage. 1. Sam. xvii. 22. And after those days we took up our carriages and went up to Jerusalem. Acts. xxi. 15.  2. The act of carrying, transporting, or conveying. Nine days employed in carriage. Chapman.  3. The price or expense of carrying.  4. That which carries of conveys, as: (a) A wheeled vehicle for persons, esp. one designed for elegance and comfort. (b) A wheeled vehicle carrying a fixed burden, as a gun carriage. (c) A part of a machine which moves and carries of supports some other moving object or part. (d) A frame or cage in which something is carried or supported; as, a bell carriage.  5. The manner of carrying one's self; behavior; bearing; deportment; personal manners. His gallant carriage all the rest did grace. Stirling.  6. The act or manner of conducting measures or projects; management. The passage and whole carriage of this action. Shak. Carriage horse, a horse kept for drawing a carriage.  -- Carriage porch (Arch.), a canopy or roofed pavilion covering the driveway at the entrance to any building. It is intended as a shelter for those who alight from vehicles at the door; -- sometimes erroneously called in the United States porte-cochère. 
quilt   Quilt, n. Etym: [OE. quilte, OF. cuilte, L. culcita bed, cushion, mattress. Cf. 2d Counterpoint, Cushion.]  Defn: Anything that is quilted; esp., a quilted bed cover, or a skirt worn by women; any cover or garment made by putting wool, cotton, etc., between two cloths and stitching them together; also, any outer bed cover. The beds were covered with magnificent quilts. Arbuthnot.  QUILT Quilt, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Quilted; p. pr. & vb. n. Quilting.]  1. To stitch or sew together at frequent intervals, in order to confine in place the several layers of cloth and wadding of which a garment, comforter, etc., may be made; as, to quilt a coat. Dryden.  2. To wad, as a garment, with warm soft material.  3. To stitch or sew in lines or patterns. 
pancake   Pan"cake`, n.  Defn: A thin cake of batter fried in a pan or on a griddle; a griddlecake; a flapjack. "A pancake for Shrove Tuesday." Shak. 
current   Cur"rent (kr"rent), a. Etym: [OE. currant, OF. curant, corant, p. pr. of curre, corre, F. courre, courir, to run, from L. currere; perh. akin to E. horse. Cf. Course, Concur, Courant, Coranto.]  1. Running or moving rapidly. [Archaic] Like the current fire, that renneth Upon a cord. Gower. To chase a creature that was current then In these wild woods, the hart with golden horns. Tennyson.  2. Now passing, as time; as, the current month.  3. Passing from person to person, or from hand to hand; circulating through the community; generally received; common; as, a current coin; a current report; current history. That there was current money in Abraham's time is past doubt. Arbuthnot. Your fire-new stamp of honor is scarce current. Shak. His current value, which is less or more as men have occasion for him. Grew.  4. Commonly estimated or acknowledged.  5. Fitted for general acceptance or circulation; authentic; passable. O Buckingham, now do I play the touch To try if thou be current gold indeed. Shak. Account current. See under Account.  -- Current money, lawful money. Abbott.  CURRENT Cur"rent, n. Etym: [Cf. F. courant. See Current, a. ]  1. A flowing or passing; onward motion. Hence: A body of fluid moving continuously in a certain direction; a stream; esp., the swiftest part of it; as, a current of water or of air; that which resembles a stream in motion; as, a current of electricity. Two such silver currents, when they join, Do glorify the banks that bound them in. Shak. The surface of the ocean is furrowed by currents, whose direction . . . the navigator should know. Nichol.  2. General course; ordinary procedure; progressive and connected movement; as, the current of time, of events, of opinion, etc. Current meter, an instrument for measuring the velocity, force, etc., of currents.  -- Current mill, a mill driven by a current wheel.  -- Current wheel, a wheel dipping into the water and driven by the current of a stream or by the ebb and flow of the tide.  Syn.  -- Stream; course. See Stream. 
kiss   Kiss, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Kissed;p. pr. & vb. n. Kissing.] Etym: [OE. kissen, cussen, AS. cyssan, fr. coss a kiss; of uncertain origin; akin to D. kus, G. kuss, Icel. koss.]  1. To salute with the lips, as a mark of affection, reverence, submission, forgiveness, etc. He . . . kissed her lips with such a clamorous smack, That at the parting all the church echoed. Shak.  2. To touch gently, as if fondly or caressingly. When the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees. Shak.  KISS Kiss, v. i.  1. To make or give salutation with the lips in token of love, respect, etc.; as, kiss and make friends.  2. To meet; to come in contact; to touch fondly. Like fire and powder, Which as they kiss consume. Shak. Rose, rose and clematis, Trail and twine and clasp and kiss. Tennyson. Kissing comfit, a perfumed sugarplum to sweeten the breath. [Obs or Prov. End.] Shak.  KISS Kiss, n. Etym: [OE. kiss, derived under the influence of the verb from the older form coss, AS. coss. See Kiss, v.]  1. A salutation with the lips, as a token of affection, respect, etc.; as, a parting kiss; a kiss of reconciliation. Last with a kiss, she took a long farewell. Dryden. Dear as remembered kisses after death. Tennyson.  2. A small piece of confectionery. 
flowery   Flow"er*y, a.  1. Full of flowers; abounding with blossoms.  2. Highly embellished with figurative language; florid; as, a flowery style. Milton. The flowery kingdom, China.  FLOWERY-KIRTLED Flow"er*y-kir`tled, a.  Defn: Dressed with garlands of flowers. [Poetic & Rare] Milton. 
icy   I"cy, a. [Compar. Icier; superl. Iciest.] Etym: [AS. isig. See Ice.]  1. Pertaining to, resembling, or abounding in, ice; cold; frosty. "Icy chains." Shak. "Icy region." Boyle. "Icy seas." Pope.  2. Characterized by coldness, as of manner, influence, etc.; chilling; frigid; cold. Icy was the deportment with which Philip received these demonstrations of affection. Motley.  ICY-PEARLED I"cy-pearl`ed, a.  Defn: Spangled with ice. Mounting up in icy-pearled car. Milton.  I'D I'd  Defn: . A contraction from I would or I had. 
ill-fated  Word is not found.
eager   Ea"ger, a. Etym: [OE. egre sharp, sour, eager, OF. agre, aigre, F. aigre, fr. L. acer sharp, sour, spirited, zealous; akin to Gr. a point; fr. a root signifying to be sharp. Cf. Acrid, Edge.]  1. Sharp; sour; acid. [Obs.] "Like eager droppings into milk." Shak.  2. Sharp; keen; bitter; severe. [Obs.] "A nipping and an eager air." "Eager words." Shak.  3. Excited by desire in the pursuit of any object; ardent to pursue, perform, or obtain; keenly desirous; hotly longing; earnest; zealous; impetuous; vehement; as, the hounds were eager in the chase. And gazed for tidings in my eager eyes. Shak. How eagerly ye follow my disgraces! Shak. When to her eager lips is brought Her infant's thrilling kiss. Keble. A crowd of eager and curious schoolboys. Hawthorne. Conceit and grief an eager combat fight. Shak.  4. Brittle; inflexible; not ductile. [Obs.] Gold will be sometimes so eager, as artists call it, that it will as little endure the hammer as glass itself. Locke.  Syn.  -- Earnest; ardent; vehement; hot; impetuous; fervent; intense; impassioned; zealous; forward. See Earnest.  -- Eager, Earnest. Eager marks an excited state of desire or passion; thus, a child is eager for a plaything, a hungry man is eager for food, a covetous man is eager for gain. Eagerness is liable to frequent abuses, and is good or bad, as the case may be. It relates to what is praiseworthy or the contrary. Earnest denotes a permanent state of mind, feeling, or sentiment. It is always taken in a good sense; as, a preacher is earnest in his appeals to the conscience; an agent is earnest in his solicitations.  EAGER Ea"ger, n.  Defn: Same as Eagre. 
possessive   Pos*sess"ive, a. Etym: [L. possessivus: cf. F. possessif.]  Defn: Of or pertaining to possession; having or indicating possession. Possessive case (Eng. Gram.), the genitive case; the case of nouns and pronouns which expresses ownership, origin, or some possessive relation of one thing to another; as, Homer's admirers; the pear's flavor; the dog's faithfulness.  -- Possessive pronoun, a pronoun denoting ownership; as, his name; her home; my book.  POSSESSIVE Pos*sess"ive, n.  1. (Gram.)  Defn: The possessive case.  2. (Gram.)  Defn: A possessive pronoun, or a word in the possessive case. 
cheer   Cheer, n. Etym: [OE. chere face, welcome, cheer, OF. chiere, F. chère, fr. LL. cara face, Gr. , L. cerebrum brain, G. hirn, and E. cranium.]  1. The face; the countenance or its expression. [Obs.] "Sweat of thy cheer." Wyclif.  2. Feeling; spirit; state of mind or heart. Be of good cheer. Matt. ix. 2. The parents . . . fled away with heavy cheer. Holland.  3. Gayety; mirth; cheerfulness; animation. I have not that alacrity of spirit, Nor cheer of mind, that I was wont to have. Shak.  1. That which promotes good spirits or cheerfulness; provisions prepared for a feast; entertainment; as, a table loaded with good cheer.  5. A shout, hurrah, or acclamation, expressing joy enthusiasm, applause, favor, etc. Welcome her, thundering cheer of the street. Tennyson. Whzt cheer Now do you fare What is there that is cheering  CHEER Cheer, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Cheered; p. pr. & vb. n. cheering.]  1. To cause to rejoice; to gladden; to make cheerful; -- often with up. Cowpe.  2. To infuse life, courage, animation, or hope, into; to inspirit; to solace or comfort. The proud he tamed, the penitent he cheered. Dryden.  3. To salute or applaud with cheers; to urge on by cheers; as, to cheer hounds in a chase. To cheer ship, to salute a passing ship by cheers of sailors stationed in the rigging.  Syn.  -- To gladden; encourage; inspirit; comfort; console; enliven; refresh; exhilarate; animate; applaud.  CHEER Cheer, v. i.  1. To grow cheerful; to become gladsome or joyous; -- usually with up. At sight of thee my gloomy soul cheers up. A. Philips.  2. To be in any state or temper of mind. [Obs.] How cheer'st thou, Jessica Shak.  3. To utter a shout or shouts of applause, triumph, etc. And even the ranks of Tusculum Could scare forbear to cheer. Macaulay. 
abashed  
own   Own, v. t. Etym: [OE. unnen to grant, permit, be pleased with, AS. unnan to grant; akin to OS. giunnan, G. gönnen, Icel. unna; of uncertain origin. This word has been confused with own to possess.]  Defn: To grant; to acknowledge; to admit to be true; to confess; to recognize in a particular character; as, we own that we have forfeited your love. The wakeful bloodhound rose, and shook his hide owns. Keats.  OWN Own, a. Etym: [OE. owen, awen, auen, aughen, AS. agen, p. p. of agan to possess; akin to OS. egan, G. & D. eigen, Icel. eiginn, Sw. & Dan. egen. sq. root110. See Owe.]  Defn: Belonging to; belonging exclusively or especially to; peculiar; -- most frequently following a possessive pronoun, as my, our, thy, your, his, her, its, their, in order to emphasize or intensify the idea of property, peculiar interest, or exclusive ownership; as, my own father; my own composition; my own idea; at my own price. "No man was his own [i. e., no man was master of himself, or in possession of his senses]." Shak. To hold one's own, to keep or maintain one's possessions; to yield nothing; esp., to suffer no loss or disadvantage in a contest. Shak.  OWN Own, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Owned; p. pr. & vb. n. Owning.] Etym: [OE. ohnien, ahnien, AS. agnian, fr. agen own, a. See Own, a.]  Defn: To hold as property; to have a legal or rightful title to; to be the proprietor or possessor of; to possess; as, to own a house. 
comb   Comb (; 110), n. Etym: [AS.. camb; akin to Sw., Dan., & D. kam, Icel. kambr, G. kamm, Gr. jambha tooth.]  1. An instrument with teeth, for straightening, cleansing, and adjusting the hair, or for keeping it in place.  2. An instrument for currying hairy animals, or cleansing and smoothing their coats; a currycomb.  3. (Manuf. & Mech.) (a) A toothed instrument used for separating and cleansing wool, flax, hair, etc. (b) The serrated vibratory doffing knife of a carding machine. (c) A former, commonly cone-shaped, used in hat manufacturing for hardening the soft fiber into a bat. (d) A tool with teeth, used for chasing screws on work in a lathe; a chaser. (e) The notched scale of a wire micrometer. (f) The collector of an electrical machine, usually resembling a comb.  4. (Zoöl.) (a) The naked fleshy crest or caruncle on the upper part of the bill or hood of a cock or other bird. It is usually red. (b) One of a pair of peculiar organs on the base of the abdomen of scorpions.  5. The curling crest of a wave.  6. The waxen framework forming the walls of the cells in which bees store their honey, eggs, etc.; honeycomb. "A comb of honey." Wyclif. When the bee doth leave her comb. Shak.  7. The thumbpiece of the hammer of a gunlock, by which it may be cocked.  COMB Comb, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Combed; p. pr. & vb. n. Combing.]  Defn: To disentangle, cleanse, or adjust, with a comb; to lay smooth and straight with, or as with, a comb; as, to comb hair or wool. See under Combing. Comb down his hair; look, look! it stands upright. Shak.  COMB Comb, v. i. Etym: [See Comb, n., 5.] (Naut.)  Defn: To roll over, as the top or crest of a wave; to break with a white foam, as waves.  COMB; COMBE Comb, Combe ( or ), n. Etym: [AS. comb, prob. of Celtic origin; cf. W. cwm a dale, valley.]  Defn: That unwatered portion of a valley which forms its continuation beyond and above the most elevated spring that issues into it. [Written also coombe.] Buckland. A gradual rise the shelving combe Displayed. Southey.  COMB Comb, n.  Defn: A dry measure. See Coomb. 
alert   A*lert", a. Etym: [F. alerte, earlier à l'erte on the watch, fr. It. all' erta on the watch, prop. (standing) on a height, where one can look around; erta a declivity, steep, erto steep, p. p. of ergere, erigere, to erect, raise, L. erigere. See Erect.]  1. Watchful; vigilant; active in vigilance.  2. Brisk; nimble; moving with celerity. An alert young fellow. Addison.  Syn.  -- Active; agile; lively; quick; prompt.  ALERT A*lert", n. (Mil.)  Defn: An alarm from a real or threatened attack; a sudden attack; also, a bugle sound to give warning. "We have had an alert." Farrow. On the alert, on the lookout or watch against attack or danger; ready to act. 
satisfying  
refuse   Re*fuse" (r*fz"), v. t. [imp. & p. p. Refused (-fzd"); p. pr. & vb. n. Refusing.] Etym: [F. refuser, either from (assumed) LL. refusare to refuse, v. freq. of L. refundere to pour back, give back, restore (see Refund to repay), or. fr. L. recusare to decline, refuse cf. Accuse, Ruse), influenced by L. refutare to drive back, repel, refute. Cf. Refute.]  1. To deny, as a request, demand, invitation, or command; to decline to do or grant. That never yet refused your hest. Chaucer.  2. (Mil.)  Defn: To throw back, or cause to keep back (as the center, a wing, or a flank), out of the regular aligment when troops aras, to refuse the right wing while the left wing attacks.  3. To decline to accept; to reject; to deny the request or petition of; as, to refuse a suitor. The cunning workman never doth refuse The meanest tool that he may chance to use. Herbert.  4. To disown. [Obs.] "Refuse thy name." Shak.  REFUSE Re*fuse", v. i.  Defn: To deny compliance; not to comply. Too proud to ask, too humble to refuse. Garth. If ye refuse . . . ye shall be devoured with the sword. Isa. i. 20.  REFUSE Re*fuse", n.  Defn: Refusal. [Obs.] Fairfax.  REFUSE Ref`use (rf"s;277), n. Etym: [F. refus refusal, also, that which is refused. See Refuse to deny.]  Defn: That which is refused or rejected as useless; waste or worthless matter.  Syn.  -- Dregs; sediment; scum; recrement; dross.  REFUSE Ref"use, a.  Defn: Refused; rejected; hence; left as unworthy of acceptance; of no value; worthless. Everything that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly. 1. Sam. xv. 9. 
muddled  Word is not found.
lopsided   Lop"sid`ed, a. Etym: [Lop + side. Cf. Lobsided.]  1. Leaning to one side because of some defect of structure; as, a lopsided ship. Marryat.  2. Unbalanced; poorly proportioned; full of idiosyncrasies. J. S. Mill. 
crime   Crime (krm), n.Etym: [F. crime, fr. L. crimen judicial decision, that which is subjected to such a decision, charge, fault, crime, fr. the root of cernere to decide judicially. See Certain.]  1. Any violation of law, either divine or human; an omission of a duty commanded, or the commission of an act forbidden by law.  2. Gross violation of human law, in distinction from a misdemeanor or trespass, or other slight offense. Hence, also, any aggravated offense against morality or the public welfare; any outrage or great wrong. "To part error from crime." Tennyson.  Note: Crimes, in the English common law, are grave offenses which were originally capitally punished (murder, rape, robbery, arson, burglary, and larceny), as distinguished from misdemeanors, which are offenses of a lighter grade. See Misdemeanors.  3. Any great wickedness or sin; iniguity. Nocrime was thine, if 'tis no crime to love. Pope.  4. That which occasion crime. [Obs.] The tree of life, the crime of our first father's fall. Spenser. Capital crime, a crime punishable with death.  Syn.  -- Sin; vice; iniquity; wrong.  -- Crime, Sin,Vice. Sin is the generic term, embracing wickedness of every kind, but specifically denoting an offense as committed against God. Crime is strictly a violation of law either human or divine; but in present usage the term is commonly applied to actions contrary to the laws of the State. Vice is more distinctively that which springs from the inordinate indulgence of the natural appetites, which are in themselves innocent. Thus intemperance, unchastity, duplicity, etc., are vices; while murder, forgery, etc., which spring from the indulgence of selfish passions, are crimes. 
wiggly  
surround   Sur*round", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Surrounded; p. pr. & vb. n. Surrounding.] Etym: [OF. suronder to overflow, LL. superundare; fr. L. super over + undare to rise in waves, overflow, fr. unda wave. The English sense is due to the influence of E. round. See Super-, and Undulate, and cf. Abound.]  1. To inclose on all sides; to encompass; to environ.  2. To lie or be on all sides of; to encircle; as, a wall surrounds the city. But could instead, and ever-during dark Surrounds me. Milton.  3. To pass around; to travel about; to circumnavigate; as, to surround the world. [Obs.] Fuller.  4. (Mil.)  Defn: To inclose, as a body of troops, between hostile forces, so as to cut off means of communication or retreat; to invest, as a city.  Syn.  -- To encompass; encircle; environ; invest; hem in; fence about.  SURROUND Sur*round", n.  Defn: A method of hunting some animals, as the buffalo, by surrounding a herd, and driving them over a precipice, into a ravine, etc. [U.S.] Baird. 
grin   Grin, n. Etym: [AS. grin.]  Defn: A snare; a gin. [Obs.] Like a bird that hasteth to his grin. Remedy of Love.  GRIN Grin, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Grinned; p. pr. & vb. n. Grinning.] Etym: [OE. grinnen, grennen, AS. grennian, Sw. grina; akin to D. grijnen, G. greinen, OHG. grinan, Dan. grine. Groan.]  1. To show the teeth, as a dog; to shsrl.  2. To set the teeth together and open the lips, or to open the mouth and withdraw the lips from the teeth, so as to show them, as in laughter, acorn, or pain. The pangs of death do make him grin. Shak.  GRIN Grin, v. t.  Defn: To express by grinning. Grinned horrible a ghastly smile.Milton.  GRIN Grin, n.  Defn: The act of closing the teeth and showing them, or of withdrawing the lips and showing the teeth; a hard, forced, or smeering smile. I.Watts. He showed twenty teeth at a grin. Addison. 
shock   Shock, n. Etym: [OE. schokke; cf. OD schocke, G. schock a heap, quantity, threescore, MHG. schoc, Sw. skok, and also G. hocke a heap of hay, Lith. kugis.]  1. A pile or assemblage of sheaves of grain, as wheat, rye, or the like, set up in a field, the sheaves varying in number from twelve to sixteen; a stook. And cause it on shocks to be by and by set. Tusser. Behind the master walks, builds up the shocks. Thomson.  2. Etym: [G. schock.] (Com.)  Defn: A lot consisting of sixty pieces; -- a term applied in some Baltic ports to loose goods.  SHOCK Shock, v. t.  Defn: To collect, or make up, into a shock or shocks; to stook; as, to shock rye.  SHOCK Shock, v. i.  Defn: To be occupied with making shocks. Reap well, scatter not, gather clean that is shorn, Bind fast, shock apace. Tusser.  SHOCK Shock, n. Etym: [Cf. D. schok a bounce, jolt, or leap, OHG. scoc a swing, MHG. schoc, Icel. skykkjun tremuously, F. choc a shock, collision, a dashing or striking against, Sp. choque, It. ciocco a log. sq. root161. Cf. Shock to shake.]  1. A quivering or shaking which is the effect of a blow, collision, or violent impulse; a blow, impact, or collision; a concussion; a sudden violent impulse or onset. These strong, unshaken mounds resist the shocks Of tides and seas tempestuous. Blackmore. He stood the shock of a whole host of foes. Addison.  2. A sudden agitation of the mind or feelings; a sensation of pleasure or pain caused by something unexpected or overpowering; also, a sudden agitating or overpowering event. "A shock of pleasure." Talfourd.  3. (Med.)  Defn: A sudden depression of the vital forces of the entire body, or of a port of it, marking some profound impression produced upon the nervous system, as by severe injury, overpowering emotion, or the like.  4. (Elec.)  Defn: The sudden convulsion or contraction of the muscles, with the feeling of a concussion, caused by the discharge, through the animal system, of electricity from a charged body.  Syn.  -- Concussion, Shock. Both words signify a sudden violent shaking caused by impact or colision; but concussion is restricted in use to matter, while shock is used also of mental states.  SHOCK Shock, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Shocked; p. pr. & vb. n. Shocking.] Etym: [OE. schokken; cf. D. schokken, F. choquer, Sp. chocar. sq. root161. Cf. Chuck to strike, Jog, Shake, Shock a striking, Shog, n. & v.]  1. To give a shock to; to cause to shake or waver; hence, to strike against suddenly; to encounter with violence. Come the three corners of the world in arms, And we shall shock them. Shak. A shall never forget the force with which he shocked De Vipont. Sir W. Scott.  2. To strike with surprise, terror, horror, or disgust; to cause to recoil; as, his violence shocked his associates. Advise him not to shock a father's will. Dryden.  SHOCK Shock, v. i.  Defn: To meet with a shock; to meet in violent encounter. "They saw the moment approach when the two parties would shock together." De Quincey.  SHOCK Shock, n. Etym: [Cf. Shag.]  1. (Zoöl.)  Defn: A dog with long hair or shag; -- called also shockdog.  2. A thick mass of bushy hair; as, a head covered with a shock of sandy hair.  SHOCK Shock, a.  Defn: Bushy; shaggy; as, a shock hair. His red shock peruke . . . was laid aside. Sir W. Scott. 
wreck   Wreck, v. t. & n.  Defn: See 2d & 3d Wreak.  WRECK Wreck, n. Etym: [OE. wrak, AS. wræc exile, persecution, misery, from wrecan to drive out, punish; akin to D. wrak, adj., damaged, brittle, n., a wreck, wraken to reject, throw off, Icel. rek a thing drifted ashore, Sw. vrak refuse, a wreck, Dan. vrag. See Wreak, v. t., and cf. Wrack a marine plant.] [Written also wrack.]  1. The destruction or injury of a vessel by being cast on shore, or on rocks, or by being disabled or sunk by the force of winds or waves; shipwreck. Hard and obstinate As is a rock amidst the raging floods, 'Gainst which a ship, of succor desolate, Doth suffer wreck, both of herself and goods. Spenser.  2. Destruction or injury of anything, especially by violence; ruin; as, the wreck of a railroad train. The wreck of matter and the crush of worlds. Addison. Its intellectual life was thus able to go on amidst the wreck of its political life. J. R. Green.  3. The ruins of a ship stranded; a ship dashed against rocks or land, and broken, or otherwise rendered useless, by violence and fracture; as, they burned the wreck.  4. The remain of anything ruined or fatally injured. To the fair haven of my native home, The wreck of what I was, fatigued I come. Cowper.  5. (Law)  Defn: Goods, etc., which, after a shipwreck, are cast upon the land by the sea. Bouvier.  WRECK Wreck, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Wrecked; p. pr. & vb. n. Wrecking.]  1. To destroy, disable, or seriously damage, as a vessel, by driving it against the shore or on rocks, by causing it to become unseaworthy, to founder, or the like; to shipwreck. Supposing that they saw the king's ship wrecked. Shak.  2. To bring wreck or ruin upon by any kind of violence; to destroy, as a railroad train.  3. To involve in a wreck; hence, to cause to suffer ruin; to balk of success, and bring disaster on. Weak and envied, if they should conspire, They wreck themselves. Daniel.  WRECK Wreck, v. i.  1. To suffer wreck or ruin. Milton.  2. To work upon a wreck, as in saving property or lives, or in plundering. 
square   Square, n. Etym: [OF. esquarre, esquierre, F. équerre a carpenter's square (cf. It. squadra), fr. (assumed) LL. exquadrare to make square; L. ex + quadrus a square, fr. quattuor four. See Four, and cf. Quadrant, Squad, Squer a square.]  1. (Geom.) (a) The corner, or angle, of a figure. [Obs.] (b) A parallelogram having four equal sides and four right angles.  2. Hence, anything which is square, or nearly so; as: (a) A square piece or fragment. He bolted his food down his capacious throat in squares of three inches. Sir W. Scott.  (b) A pane of glass. (c) (Print.) A certain number of lines, forming a portion of a column, nearly square; -- used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers. (d) (Carp.) One hundred superficial feet.  3. An area of four sides, generally with houses on each side; sometimes, a solid block of houses; also, an open place or area for public use, as at the meeting or intersection of two or more streets. The statue of Alexander VII. stands in the large square of the town. Addison.  4. (Mech. & Joinery)  Defn: An instrument having at least one right angle and two or more straight edges, used to lay out or test square work. It is of several forms, as the T square, the carpenter's square, the try-square., etc.  5. Hence, a pattern or rule. [Obs.]  6. (Arith. & Alg.)  Defn: The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; thus, 64 is the square of 8, for 8 × 8 = 64; the square of a + b is a2 + 2ab + b2.  7. Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule. [Obs.] They of Galatia [were] much more out of square. Hooker. I have not kept my square. Shak.  8. (Mil.)  Defn: A body of troops formed in a square, esp. one formed to resist a charge of cavalry; a squadron. "The brave squares of war." Shak.  9. Fig.: The relation of harmony, or exact agreement; equality; level. We live not on the square with such as these. Dryden.  10. (Astrol.)  Defn: The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate. [Obs.]  11. The act of squaring, or quarreling; a quarrel. [R.]  12. The front of a woman's dress over the bosom, usually worked or embroidered. [Obs.] Shak. Geometrical square. See Quadrat, n., 2.  -- Hollow square (Mil.), a formation of troops in the shape of a square, each side consisting of four or five ranks, and the colors, officers, horses, etc., occupying the middle.  -- Least square, Magic square, etc. See under Least, Magic, etc.  -- On the square, or Upon the square, in an open, fair manner; honestly, or upon honor. [Obs. or Colloq.] -- On, or Upon, the square with, upon equality with; even with. Nares.  -- To be all squares, to be all settled. [Colloq.] Dickens.  -- To be at square, to be in a state of quarreling. [Obs.] Nares.  -- To break no square, to give no offense; to make no difference. [Obs.] -- To break squares, to depart from an accustomed order. To see how the squares go, to see how the game proceeds; -- a phrase taken from the game of chess, the chessboard being formed with squares. [Obs.] L'Estrange.  SQUARE Square, a.  1. (Geom.)  Defn: Having four equal sides and four right angles; as, a square figure.  2. Forming a right angle; as, a square corner.  3. Having a shape broad for the height, with rectilineal and angular rather than curving outlines; as, a man of a square frame.  4. Exactly suitable or correspondent; true; just. She's a most truimphant lady, if report be square to her. Shak.  5. Rendering equal justice; exact; fair; honest, as square dealing.  6. Even; leaving no balance; as, to make or leave the accounts square.  7. Leaving nothing; hearty; vigorous. By Heaven, square eaters. More meat, I say. Beau. & Fl.  8. (Naut.)  Defn: At right angles with the mast or the keel, and parallel to the horizon; -- said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced.  Note: Square is often used in self-explaining compounds or combination, as in square-built, square-cornered, square-cut, square- nosed, etc. Square foot, an area equal to that of a square the sides of which are twelwe inches; 144 square inches.  -- Square knot, a knot in which the terminal and standing parts are parallel to each other; a reef knot. See Illust. under Knot.  -- Square measure, the measure of a superficies or surface which depends on the length and breadth taken conjointly. The units of square measure are squares whose sides are the linear measures; as, square inches, square feet, square meters, etc.  -- Square number. See square, n., 6.  -- Square root of a number or quantity (Math.), that number or quantity which, multiplied by itself produces the given number or quantity.  -- Square sail (Naut.), a four-sided sail extended upon a yard suspended by the middle; sometimes, the foresail of a schooner set upon a yard; also, a cutter's or sloop's sail boomed out. See Illust of Sail.  -- Square stern (Naut.), a stern having a transom and joining the counter timbers at an angle, as distinguished from a round stern, which has no transom.  -- Three-square, Five-square, etc., having three, five, etc., equal sides; as, a three-square file.  -- To get square with, to get even with; to pay off. [Colloq.]  SQUARE Square, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Squared; p. pr. & vb. n. Squaring.] Etym: [Cf. OF. escarrer, esquarrer. See Square, n.]  1. To form with four sides and four right angles. Spenser.  2. To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces; as, to square mason's work.  3. To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard. Shak.  4. To adjust; to regulate; to mold; to shape; to fit; as, to square our actions by the opinions of others. Square my trial To my proportioned strength. Milton.  5. To make even, so as leave no remainder of difference; to balance; as, to square accounts.  6. (Math.)  Defn: To multiply by itself; as, to square a number or a quantity.  7. (Astrol.)  Defn: To hold a quartile position respecting. The icy Goat and Crab that square the Scales. Creech.  8. (Naut.)  Defn: To place at right angles with the keel; as, to square the yards. To square one's shoulders, to raise the shoulders so as to give them a square appearance, -- a movement expressing contempt or dislike. Sir W. Scott.  -- To square the circle (Math.), to determine the exact contents of a circle in square measure. The solution of this famous problem is now generally admitted to be impossible.  SQUARE Square, v. i.  1. To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to conform or agree; to suit; to fit. No works shall find acceptamce . . . That square not truly with the Scripture plan. Cowper.  2. To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel. [Obs.] Are you such fools To square for this Shak.  3. To take a boxing attitude; -- often with up, sometimes with off. [Colloq.] Dickens. 
slap   Slap, n. Etym: [OE. slappe; akin to LG. slappe, G. schlappe; probably of imitative origin.]  Defn: A blow, esp. one given with the open hand, or with something broad.  SLAP Slap, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Slapped; p. pr. & vb. n. Slapping.]  Defn: To strike with the open hand, or with something broad.  SLAP Slap, adv. Etym: [Cf. LG. slap, G. schlapp. See Slap, n.]  Defn: With a sudden and violent blow; hence, quickly; instantly; directly. [Colloq.] "The railroad cars drive slap into the city." Thackeray. 
drop   Drop, n. Etym: [OE. drope, AS. dropa; akin to OS. dropo, D. drop, OHG. tropo, G. tropfen, Icel. dropi, Sw. droppe; and Fr. AS. dreópan to drip, drop; akin to OS. driopan, D. druipen, OHG. triofan, G. triefen, Icel. drj. Cf. Drip, Droop.]  1. The quantity of fluid which falls in one small spherical mass; a liquid globule; a minim; hence, also, the smallest easily measured portion of a fluid; a small quantity; as, a drop of water. With minute drops from off the eaves. Milton. As dear to me as are the ruddy drops That visit my sad heart. Shak. That drop of peace divine. Keble.  2. That which resembles, or that which hangs like, a liquid drop; as a hanging diamond ornament, an earring, a glass pendant on a chandelier, a sugarplum (sometimes medicated), or a kind of shot or slug.  3. (Arch.) (a) Same as Gutta. (b) Any small pendent ornament.  4. Whatever is arranged to drop, hang, or fall from an elevated position; also, a contrivance for lowering something; as: (a) A door or platform opening downward; a trap door; that part of the gallows on which a culprit stands when he is to be hanged; hence, the gallows itself. (b) A machine for lowering heavy weights, as packages, coal wagons, etc., to a ship's deck. (c) A contrivance for temporarily lowering a gas jet. (d) A curtain which drops or falls in front of the stage of a theater, etc. (e) A drop press or drop hammer. (f) (Mach.) The distance of the axis of a shaft below the base of a hanger.  5. pl.  Defn: Any medicine the dose of which is measured by drops; as, lavender drops.  6. (Naut.)  Defn: The depth of a square sail; -- generally applied to the courses only. Ham. Nav. Encyc.  7. Act of dropping; sudden fall or descent. Ague drop, Black drop. See under Ague, Black.  -- Drop by drop, in small successive quantities; in repeated portions. "Made to taste drop by drop more than the bitterness of death." Burke.  -- Drop curtain. See Drop, n.,  4. (d).  -- Drop forging. (Mech.) (a) A forging made in dies by a drop hammer. (b) The process of making drop forgings.  -- Drop hammer (Mech.), a hammer for forging, striking up metal, etc., the weight being raised by a strap or similar device, and then released to drop on the metal resting on an anvil or die.  -- Drop kick (Football), a kick given to the ball as it rebounds after having been dropped from the hands.  -- Drop lake, a pigment obtained from Brazil wood. Mollett.  -- Drop letter, a letter to be delivered from the same office where posted.  -- Drop press (Mech.), a drop hammer; sometimes, a dead-stroke hammer; -- also called drop.  -- Drop scene, a drop curtain on which a scene is painted. See Drop, n., 4. (d).  -- Drop seed. (Bot.) See the List under Glass.  -- Drop serene. (Med.) See Amaurosis.  DROP Drop, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Dropped or Dropt; p. pr. & vb. n. Dropping.] Etym: [OE. droppen, AS. dropan, v. i. See Drop, n.]  1. To pour or let fall in drops; to pour in small globules; to distill. "The trees drop balsam." Creech. The recording angel, as he wrote it down, dropped a tear upon the word and blotted it out forever. Sterne.  2. To cause to fall in one portion, or by one motion, like a drop; to let fall; as, to drop a line in fishing; to drop a courtesy.  3. To let go; to dismiss; to set aside; to have done with; to discontinue; to forsake; to give up; to omit. They suddenly drop't the pursuit. S. Sharp. That astonishing ease with which fine ladies drop you and pick you up again. Thackeray. The connection had been dropped many years. Sir W. Scott. Dropping the too rough H in Hell and Heaven. Tennyson.  4. To bestow or communicate by a suggestion; to let fall in an indirect, cautious, or gentle manner; as, to drop hint, a word of counsel, etc.  5. To lower, as a curtain, or the muzzle of a gun, etc.  6. To send, as a letter; as, please drop me a line, a letter, word.  7. To give birth to; as, to drop a lamb.  8. To cover with drops; to variegate; to bedrop. Show to the sun their waved coats dropped with gold. Milton. To drop a vessel (Naut.), to leave it astern in a race or a chase; to outsail it.  DROP Drop, v. i.  1. To fall in drops. The kindly dew drops from the higher tree, And wets the little plants that lowly dwell. Spenser.  2. To fall, in general, literally or figuratively; as, ripe fruit drops from a tree; wise words drop from the lips. Mutilations of which the meaning has dropped out of memory. H. Spencer. When the sound of dropping nuts is heard. Bryant.  3. To let drops fall; to discharge itself in drops. The heavens . . . dropped at the presence of God. Ps. lxviii. 8.  4. To fall dead, or to fall in death. Nothing, says Seneca, so soon reconciles us to the thoughts of our own death, as the prospect of one friend after another dropping round us. Digby.  5. To come to an end; to cease; to pass out of mind; as, the affair dropped. Pope.  6. To come unexpectedly; -- with in or into; as, my old friend dropped in a moment. Steele. Takes care to drop in when he thinks you are just seated. Spectator.  7. To fall or be depressed; to lower; as, the point of the spear dropped a little.  8. To fall short of a mark. [R.] Often it drops or overshoots by the disproportion of distance. Collier.  9. To be deep in extent; to descend perpendicularly; as, her main topsail drops seventeen yards. To drop astern (Naut.), to go astern of another vessel; to be left behind; to slacken the speed of a vessel so as to fall behind and to let another pass a head.  -- To drop down (Naut.), to sail, row, or move down a river, or toward the sea.  -- To drop off, to fall asleep gently; also, to die. [Colloq.] 
smoke   Smoke, n. Etym: [AS. smoca, fr. smeócan to smoke; akin to LG. & D. smook smoke, Dan. smög, G. schmauch, and perh. to Gr. smaugti to choke.]  1. The visible exhalation, vapor, or substance that escapes, or expelled, from a burning body, especially from burning vegetable matter, as wood, coal, peat, or the like.  Note: The gases of hydrocarbons, raised to a red heat or thereabouts, without a mixture of air enough to produce combustion, disengage their carbon in a fine powder, forming smoke. The disengaged carbon when deposited on solid bodies is soot.  2. That which resembles smoke; a vapor; a mist.  3. Anything unsubstantial, as idle talk. Shak.  4. The act of smoking, esp. of smoking tobacco; as, to have a smoke. [Colloq.]  Note: Smoke is sometimes joined with other word. forming self- explaining compounds; as, smoke-consuming, smoke-dried, smoke- stained, etc. Smoke arch, the smoke box of a locomotive.  -- Smoke ball (Mil.), a ball or case containing a composition which, when it burns, sends forth thick smoke.  -- Smoke black, lampblack. [Obs.] -- Smoke board, a board suspended before a fireplace to prevent the smoke from coming out into the room.  -- Smoke box, a chamber in a boiler, where the smoke, etc., from the furnace is collected before going out at the chimney.  -- Smoke sail (Naut.), a small sail in the lee of the galley stovepipe, to prevent the smoke from annoying people on deck.  -- Smoke tree (Bot.), a shrub (Rhus Cotinus) in which the flowers are mostly abortive and the panicles transformed into tangles of plumose pedicels looking like wreaths of smoke.  -- To end in smoke, to burned; hence, to be destroyed or ruined; figuratively, to come to nothing.  Syn.  -- Fume; reek; vapor.  SMOKE Smoke, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Smoked; p. pr. & vb n. Smoking.] Etym: [AS. smocian; akin to D. smoken, G. schmauchen, Dan. smöge. See Smoke, n.]  1. To emit smoke; to throw off volatile matter in the form of vapor or exhalation; to reek. Hard by a cottage chimney smokes. Milton.  2. Hence, to burn; to be kindled; to rage. The anger of the Lord and his jealousy shall smoke agains. that man. Deut. xxix. 20.  3. To raise a dust or smoke by rapid motion. Proud of his steeds, he smokes along the field. Dryden.  4. To draw into the mouth the smoke of tobacco burning in a pipe or in the form of a cigar, cigarette, etc.; to habitually use tobacco in this manner.  5. To suffer severely; to be punished. Some of you shall smoke for it in Rome. Shak.  SMOKE Smoke, v. t.  1. To apply smoke to; to hang in smoke; to disinfect, to cure, etc., by smoke; as, to smoke or fumigate infected clothing; to smoke beef or hams for preservation.  2. To fill or scent with smoke; hence, to fill with incense; to perfume. "Smoking the temple." Chaucer.  3. To smell out; to hunt out; to find out; to detect. I alone Smoked his true person, talked with him. Chapman. He was first smoked by the old Lord Lafeu. Shak. Upon that . . . I began to smoke that they were a parcel of mummers. Addison.  4. To ridicule to the face; to quiz. [Old Slang]  5. To inhale and puff out the smoke of, as tobacco; to burn or use in smoking; as, to smoke a pipe or a cigar.  6. To subject to the operation of smoke, for the purpose of annoying or driving out; -- often with out; as, to smoke a woodchuck out of his burrow.  SMOKE BALL Smoke ball.  Defn: Same as Puffball.  SMOKE-DRY Smoke"-dry`, v. t.  Defn: To dry by or in smoke. 
teeth   Teeth, n.,  Defn: pl. of Tooth.  TEETH Teeth, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Teethed; p. pr. & vb. n. Teething.]  Defn: To breed, or grow, teeth. 
decide   De*cide", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Decided; p. pr. & vb. n. Deciding.] Etym: [L. decidere; de- + caedere to cut, cut off; prob. akin to E. shed, v.: cf. F. décider. Cf. Decision.]  1. To cut off; to separate. [Obs.] Our seat denies us traffic here; The sea, too near, decides us from the rest. Fuller.  2. To bring to a termination, as a question, controversy, struggle, by giving the victory to one side or party; to render judgment concerning; to determine; to settle. So shall thy judgment be; thyself hast decided it. 1 Kings xx. 40. The quarrel toucheth none but us alone; Betwixt ourselves let us decide it then. Shak.  DECIDE De*cide", v. i.  Defn: To determine; to form a definite opinion; to come to a conclusion; to give decision; as, the court decided in favor of the defendant. Who shall decide, when doctors disagree Pope. 
overjoyed  Word is not found.
cute   Cute (kt), a. Etym: [An abbrev. of acute.]  Defn: Clever; sharp; shrewd; ingenious; cunning. [Colloq.] 
ahead   A*head", adv. Etym: [Pref. a- + head.]  1. In or to the front; in advance; onward. The island bore but a little ahead of us. Fielding.  2. Headlong; without restraint. [Obs.] L'Estrange. To go ahead. (a) To go in advance. (b) To go on onward. (c) To push on in an enterprise. [Colloq] -- To get ahead of. (a) To get in advance of. (b) To surpass; to get the better of. [Colloq.] 
tense   Tense, n. Etym: [OF. tens, properly, time, F. temps time, tense. See Temporal of time, and cf. Thing.] (Gram.)  Defn: One of the forms which a verb takes by inflection or by adding auxiliary words, so as to indicate the time of the action or event signified; the modification which verbs undergo for the indication of time.  Note: The primary simple tenses are three: those which express time past, present, and future; but these admit of modifications, which differ in different languages.  TENSE Tense, a. Etym: [L. tensus, p.p. of tendere to stretch. See Tend to move, and cf. Toise.]  Defn: Stretched tightly; strained to stiffness; rigid; not lax; as, a tense fiber. The temples were sunk, her forehead was tense, and a fatal paleness was upon her. Goldsmith. -- Tense"ly, adv.  -- Tense"ness, n. 
breakable   Break"a*ble, a.  Defn: Capable of being broken. 
regret   Re*gret" (r*grt"), n Etym: [F., fr. regretter. See Regret, ]  1. Pain of mind on account of something done or experienced in the past, with a wish that it had been different; a looking back with dissatisfaction or with longing; grief; sorrow; especially, a mourning on account of the loss of some joy, advantage, or satisfaction. "A passionate regret at sin." Dr. H. More. What man does not remember with regret the first time he read Robinson Crusoe Macaulay. Never any prince expressed a more lively regret for the loss of a servant. Clarendon. From its peaceful bosom [the grave] spring none but fond regrets and tender recollections. W. Irving.  2. Dislike; aversion. [Obs.] Dr. H. More.  Syn.  -- Grief; concern; sorrow; lamentation; repentance; penitence; self- condemnation.  -- Regret, Remorse, Compunction, Contrition, Repentance. Regret does not carry with it the energy of remorse, the sting of compunction, the sacredness of contrition, or the practical character of repentance. We even apply the term regret to circumstance over which we have had no control, as the absence of friends or their loss. When connected with ourselves, it relates rather to unwise acts than to wrong or sinful ones. C. J. Smith.  REGRET Re*gret", v. t. [imp. & p. p. Regretted (-td); p. pr. & vb. n. Regretting.] Etym: [F. regretter, OF. regreter; L. pref. re- re- + a word of Teutonic origin; cf. Goth. gr to weep, Icel. gr. See Greet to lament.]  Defn: To experience regret on account of; to lose or miss with a sense of regret; to feel sorrow or dissatisfaction on account of (the happening or the loss of something); as, to regret an error; to regret lost opportunities or friends. Calmly he looked on either life, and here Saw nothing to regret, or there to fear. Pope. In a few hours they [the Israelites] began to regret their slavery, and to murmur against their leader. Macaulay. Recruits who regretted the plow from which they had been violently taken. Macaulay. 
teeny-tiny  Word is not found.
quaint   Quaint, a. Etym: [OE. queint, queynte, coint, prudent, wise, cunning, pretty, odd, OF. cointe cultivated, amiable, agreeable, neat, fr. L. cognitus known, p. p. of cognoscere to know; con + noscere (for gnoscere) to know. See Know, and cf. Acquaint, Cognition.]  1. Prudent; wise; hence, crafty; artful; wily. [Obs.] Clerks be full subtle and full quaint. Chaucer.  2. Characterized by ingenuity or art; finely fashioned; skillfully wrought; elegant; graceful; nice; neat. [Archaic] " The queynte ring." " His queynte spear." Chaucer. " A shepherd young quaint." Chapman. Every look was coy and wondrous quaint. Spenser. To show bow quaint an orator you are. Shak.  3. Curious and fanciful; affected; odd; whimsical; antique; archaic; singular; unusual; as, quaint architecture; a quaint expression. Some stroke of quaint yet simple pleasantry. Macaulay. An old, long-faced, long-bodied servant in quaint livery. W. Irving.  Syn.  -- Quaint, Odd, Antique. Antique is applied to that which has come down from the ancients, or which is made to imitate some ancient work of art. Odd implies disharmony, incongruity, or unevenness. An odd thing or person is an exception to general rules of calculation and procedure, or expectation and common experience. In the current use of quaint, the two ideas of odd and antique are combined, and the word is commonly applied to that which is pleasing by reason of both these qualities. Thus, we speak of the quaint architecture of many old buildings in London; or a quaint expression, uniting at once the antique and the fanciful. 
obsolete   Ob"so*lete, a. Etym: [L. obsoletus, p.p. of obsolescere. See Obsolescent.]  1. No longer in use; gone into disuse; disused; neglected; as, an obsolete word; an obsolete statute; -- applied chiefly to words, writings, or observances.  2. (Biol.)  Defn: Not very distinct; obscure; rudimental; imperfectly developed; abortive.  Syn.  -- Ancient; antiquated; old-fashioned; antique; old; disused; neglected. See Ancient.  OBSOLETE Ob"so*lete, v. i.  Defn: To become obsolete; to go out of use. [R.] Fitzed. Hall. 
tidy   Ti"dy, n. (Zoöl.)  Defn: The wren; -- called also tiddy. [Prov. Eng.] The tidy for her notes as delicate as they. Drayton.  Note: This name is probably applied also to other small singing birds, as the goldcrest.  TIDY Ti"dy, a. [Compar. Tidier; superl. Tidiest.] Etym: [From Tide time, season; cf. D. tijdig timely, G. zeitig, Dan. & Sw. tidig.]  1. Being in proper time; timely; seasonable; favorable; as, tidy weather. [Obs.] If weather be fair and tidy. Tusser.  2. Arranged in good order; orderly; appropriate; neat; kept in proper and becoming neatness, or habitually keeping things so; as, a tidy lass; their dress is tidy; the apartments are well furnished and tidy. A tidy man, that tened [injured] me never. Piers Plowman.  TIDY Ti"dy, n.; pl. Tidies (.  1. A cover, often of tatting, drawn work, or other ornamental work, for the back of a chair, the arms of a sofa, or the like.  2. A child's pinafore. [Prov. Eng.] Wright.  TIDY Ti"dy, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tidied; p. pr. & vb. n. Tidying.]  Defn: To put in proper order; to make neat; as, to tidy a room; to tidy one's dress.  TIDY Ti"dy, v. i.  Defn: To make things tidy. [Colloq.] I have tidied and tidied over and over again. Dickens. 
brainy   Brain"y, a.  Defn: Having an active or vigorous mind. [Colloq.]  BRAISE; BRAIZE Braise, Braize, n. Etym: [So called from its iridescent colors.] (Zoöl.)  Defn: A European marine fish (Pagrus vulgaris) allied to the American scup; the becker. The name is sometimes applied to the related species. [Also written brazier.]  BRAISE; BRAIZE Braise, Braize, n. Etym: [F.]  1. Charcoal powder; breeze.  2. (Cookery)  Defn: Braised meat. 
aftermath   Aft"er*math, n. Etym: [After + math. See Math.]  Defn: A second moving; the grass which grows after the first crop of hay in the same season; rowen. Holland.  AFTER-MENTIONED Aft"er-men`tioned(#), a.  Defn: Mentioned afterwards; as, persons after-mentioned (in a writing). 
wet   Wet, a. [Compar. Wetter; superl. Wettest.] Etym: [OE. wet, weet, AS. wt; akin to OFries. wt, Icel. vatr, Sw. våt, Dan. vaad, and E. water. Water.]  1. Containing, or consisting of, water or other liquid; moist; soaked with a liquid; having water or other liquid upon the surface; as, wet land; a wet cloth; a wet table. "Wet cheeks." Shak.  2. Very damp; rainy; as, wet weather; a wet season. "Wet October's torrent flood." Milton.  3. (Chem.)  Defn: Employing, or done by means of, water or some other liquid; as, the wet extraction of copper, in distinction from dry extraction in which dry heat or fusion is employed.  4. Refreshed with liquor; drunk. [Slang] Prior. Wet blanket, Wet dock, etc. See under Blanket, Dock, etc.  -- Wet goods, intoxicating liquors. [Slang]  Syn.  -- Nasty; humid; damp; moist. See Nasty.  WET Wet, n. Etym: [AS. wæta. See Wet, a.]  1. Water or wetness; moisture or humidity in considerable degree. Have here a cloth and wipe away the wet. Chaucer. Now the sun, with more effectual beams, Had cheered the face of earth, and dried the wet From drooping plant. Milton.  2. Rainy weather; foggy or misty weather.  3. A dram; a drink. [Slang]  WET Wet, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Wet (rarely Wetted); p. pr. & vb. n. Wetting.] Etym: [AS. wætan.]  Defn: To fill or moisten with water or other liquid; to sprinkle; to cause to have water or other fluid adherent to the surface; to dip or soak in a liquid; as, to wet a sponge; to wet the hands; to wet cloth. "[The scene] did draw tears from me and wetted my paper." Burke. Ye mists and exhalations, that now rise . . . Whether to deck with clouds the uncolored sky, Or wet the thirsty earth with falling showers. Milton. To wet one's whistle, to moisten one's throat; to drink a dram of liquor. [Colloq.] Let us drink the other cup to wet our whistles. Walton. 
grass   Grass, n. Etym: [OE. gras, gres, gers, AS, qr, g; akin to OFries. gres, gers, OS., D., G., Icel., & Goth. gras, Dan. gr, Sw. gr, and prob. to Z. grcen, grow. Cf. Graze.]  1. Popularly: Herbage; the plants which constitute the food of cattle and other beasts; pasture.  2. (Bot.)  Defn: An endogenous plant having simple leaves, a stem generally jointed and tubular, the husks or glumes in pairs, and the seed single.  Note: This definition includes wheat, rye, oats, barley, etc., and excludes clover and some other plants which are commonly called by the name of grass. The grasses form a numerous family of plants.  3. The season of fresh grass; spring. [Colloq.] Two years old next grass. Lathsm.  4. Metaphorically used for what is transitory. Surely the people is grass. Is. xl. 7.  Note: The following list includes most of the grasses of the United States of special interest, except cereals. Many of these terms will be found with definitions in the Vocabulary. See Illustrations in Appendix. Barnyard grass, for hay. South. Panicum Grus-galli. Bent, pasture and hay. Agrostis, several species. Bermuda grass, pasture. South. Cynodon Dactylon. Black bent. Same as Switch grass (below). Blue bent, hay. North and West. Andropogon provincialis. Blue grass, pasture. Poa compressa. Blue joint, hay. Northwest. Aqropyrum glaucum. Buffalo grass, grazing. Rocky Mts., etc. (a) Buchloë dectyloides. (b) Same as Grama grass (below). Bunch grass, grazing. Far West. Eriocoma, Festuca, Stips, etc. Chess, or Cheat, a weed. Bromus secalinus, etc. Couch grass. Same as Quick grass (below). Crab grass, (a) Hay, in South. A weed, in North. Panicum sanguinale. (b) Pasture and hay. South. Eleusine Indica. Darnel (a) Bearded, a noxious weed. Lolium temulentum. (b) Common. Same as Rye grass (below). Drop seed, fair for forage and hay. Muhlenbergia, several species. English grass. Same as Redtop (below). Fowl meadow grass. (a) Pasture and hay. Poa serotina. (b) Hay, on moist land. Gryceria nervata. Gama grass, cut fodder. South. Tripsacum dactyloides. Grama grass, grazing. West and Pacific slope. Bouteloua oligostachya, etc. Great bunch grass, pasture and hay. Far West. Festuca scabrella. Guinea grass, hay. South. Panicum jumentorum. Herd's grass, in New England Timothy, in Pennsylvania and South Redtop. Indian grass. Same as Wood grass (below). Italian rye grass, forage and hay. Lolium Italicum. Johnson grass, grazing aud hay. South and Southwest. Sorghum Halepense. Kentucky blue grass, pasture. Poa pratensis. Lyme grass, coarse hay. South. Elymus, several species. Manna grass, pasture and hay. Glyceria, several species. Meadow fescue, pasture and hay. Festuca elatior. Meadow foxtail, pasture, hay, lawn. North. Alopecurus pratensis. Meadow grass, pasture, hay, lawn. Poa, several species. Mesquite, or Muskit grass. Same as Grama grass (above). Nimble Will, a kind of drop seed. Muhlenbergia diffsa. Orchard grass, pasture and hay. Dactylis glomerata. Porcupine grass, troublesome to sheep. Northwest. Stipa spartea. Quaking grass, ornamental. Briza media and maxima. Quitch, or Quick, grass, etc., a weed. Agropyrum repens. Ray grass. Same as Rye grass (below). Redtop, pasture and hay. Agrostis vulgaris. Red-topped buffalo grass, forage. Northwest. Poa tenuifolia. Reed canary grass, of slight value. Phalaris arundinacea. Reed meadow grass, hay. North. Glyceria aquatica. Ribbon grass, a striped leaved form of Reed canary grass. Rye grass, pasture, hay. Lolium perenne, var. Seneca grass, fragrant basket work, etc. North. Hierochloa borealis. Sesame grass. Same as Gama grass (above). Sheep's fescue, sheep pasture, native in Northern Europe and Asia. Festuca ovina. Small reed grass, meadow pasture and hay. North. Deyeuxia Canadensis. Spear grass, Same as Meadow grass (above). Squirrel-tail grass, troublesome to animals. Seacoast and Northwest. Hordeum jubatum. Switch grass, hay, cut young. Panicum virgatum. Timothy, cut young, the best of hay. North. Phleum pratense. Velvet grass, hay on poor soil. South. Holcus lanatus. Vernal grass, pasture, hay, lawn. Anthoxanthum odoratum. Wire grass, valuable in pastures. Poa compressa. Wood grass, Indian grass, hay. Chrysopogon nutans.  Note: Many plants are popularly called grasses which are not true grasses botanically considered, such as black grass, goose grass, star grass, etc. Black grass, a kind of small rush (Juncus Gerardi), growing in salt marshes, used for making salt hay.  -- Grass of the Andes, an oat grass, the Arrhenatherum avenaceum of Europe.-- Grass of Parnassus, a plant of the genus Parnassia growing in wet ground. The European species is P. palustris; in the United States there are several species.  -- Grass bass (Zoöl.), the calico bass.  -- Grass bird, the dunlin.  -- Grass cloth, a cloth woven from the tough fibers of the grass- cloth plant.  -- Grass-cloth plant, a perennial herb of the Nettle family (Boehmeria nivea or Urtica nivea), which grows in Sumatra, China, and Assam, whose inner bark has fine and strong fibers suited for textile purposes.  -- Grass finch. (Zoöl.) (a) A common American sparrow (Poöcætes gramineus); -- called also vesper sparrow and bay-winged bunting. (b) Any Australian finch, of the genus Poëphila, of which several species are known.  -- Grass lamb, a lamb suckled by a dam running on pasture land and giving rich milk.-- Grass land, land kept in grass and not tilled.  -- Grass moth (Zoöl.), one of many small moths of the genus Crambus, found in grass.  -- Grass oil, a fragrant essential volatile oil, obtained in India from grasses of the genus Andropogon, etc.; -- used in perfumery under the name of citronella, ginger grass oil, lemon grass oil, essence of verbena etc.  -- Grass owl (Zoöl.), a South African owl (Strix Capensis).  -- Grass parrakeet (Zoöl.), any of several species of Australian parrots, of the genus Euphemia; -- also applied to the zebra parrakeet.  -- Grass plover (Zoöl.), the upland or field plover.  -- Grass poly (Bot.), a species of willowwort (Lythrum Hyssopifolia). Johnson.  -- Crass quit (Zoöl.), one of several tropical American finches of the genus Euetheia. The males have most of the head and chest black and often marked with yellow.-- Grass snake. (Zoöl.) (a) The common English, or ringed, snake (Tropidonotus natrix). (b) The common green snake of the Northern United States. See Green snake, under Green.  -- Grass snipe (Zoöl.), the pectoral sandpiper (Tringa maculata) -- called also jacksnipe in America.  -- Grass spider (Zoöl.), a common spider (Agelena nævia), which spins flat webs on grass, conspicuous when covered with dew.  -- Grass sponge (Zoöl.), an inferior kind of commercial sponge from Florida and the Bahamas.  -- Grass table. (Arch.) See Earth table, under Earth.  -- Grass vetch (Bot.), a vetch (Lathyrus Nissolia), with narrow grasslike leaves.  -- Grass widow. Etym: [Cf. Prov. R. an unmarried mother, G. strohwittwe a mock widow, Sw. gräsenka a grass widow.] (a) An unmarried woman who is a mother. [Obs.] (b) A woman separated from her husband by abandonment or prolonged absence; a woman living apart from her husband. [Slang.] -- Grass wrack (Bot.) eelgrass.  -- To bring to grass (Mining.), to raise, as ore, to the surface of the ground.  -- To put to grass, To put out to grass, to put out to graze a season, as cattle.  GRASS Grass, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Grassed; p. pr. & vb. n. Grassing.]  1. To cover with grass or with turf.  2. To expose, as flax, on the grass for bleaching, etc.  3. To bring to the grass or ground; to land; as, to grass a fish. [Colloq.]  GRASS Grass, v. i.  Defn: To produce grass. [R.] Tusser. 
wing   Wing, n. Etym: [OE. winge, wenge; probably of Scand. origin; cf. Dan. & Sw. vinge, Icel. vængr.]  1. One of the two anterior limbs of a bird, pterodactyl, or bat. They correspond to the arms of man, and are usually modified for flight, but in the case of a few species of birds, as the ostrich, auk, etc., the wings are used only as an assistance in running or swimming. As an eagle stirreth up her nest, fluttereth over her young, spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings. Deut. xxxii. 11.  Note: In the wing of a bird the long quill feathers are in series. The primaries are those attached to the ulnar side of the hand; the secondaries, or wing coverts, those of the forearm: the scapulars, those that lie over the humerus; and the bastard feathers, those of the short outer digit. See Illust. of Bird, and Plumage.  2. Any similar member or instrument used for the purpose of flying. Specifically: (Zoöl.) (a) One of the two pairs of upper thoracic appendages of most hexapod insects. They are broad, fanlike organs formed of a double membrane and strengthened by chitinous veins or nervures. (b) One of the large pectoral fins of the flying fishes.  3. Passage by flying; flight; as, to take wing. Light thickens; and the crow Makes wing to the rooky wood. Shak.  4. Motive or instrument of flight; means of flight or of rapid motion. Fiery expedition be my wing. Shak.  5. Anything which agitates the air as a wing does, or which is put in winglike motion by the action of the air, as a fan or vane for winnowing grain, the vane or sail of a windmill, etc.  6. An ornament worn on the shoulder; a small epaulet or shoulder knot.  7. Any appendage resembling the wing of a bird or insect in shape or appearance. Specifically: (a) (Zoöl.)  Defn: One of the broad, thin, anterior lobes of the foot of a pteropod, used as an organ in swimming. (b) (Bot.) Any membranaceous expansion, as that along the sides of certain stems, or of a fruit of the kind called samara. (c) (Bot.) Either of the two side petals of a papilionaceous flower.  8. One of two corresponding appendages attached; a sidepiece. Hence: (a) (Arch.) A side building, less than the main edifice; as, one of the wings of a palace. (b) (Fort.) The longer side of crownworks, etc., connecting them with the main work. (c) (Hort.) A side shoot of a tree or plant; a branch growing up by the side of another. [Obs.] (d) (Mil.)  Defn: The right or left division of an army, regiment, etc. (e) (Naut.) That part of the hold or orlop of a vessel which is nearest the sides. In a fleet, one of the extremities when the ships are drawn up in line, or when forming the two sides of a triangle. Totten. (f) One of the sides of the stags in a theater. On the wing. (a) Supported by, or flying with, the wings another.  -- On the wings of the wind, with the utmost velocity.  -- Under the wing, or wings, of, under the care or protection of.  -- Wing and wing (Naut.), with sails hauled out on either side; -- said of a schooner, or her sails, when going before the wind with the foresail on one side and the mainsail on the other; also said of a square-rigged vessel which has her studding sails set. Cf. Goosewinged.  -- Wing case (Zoöl.), one of the anterior wings of beetles, and of some other insects, when thickened and used to protect the hind wings; an elytron; -- called also wing cover.  -- Wing covert (Zoöl.), one of the small feathers covering the bases of the wing quills. See Covert, n., 2.  -- Wing gudgeon (Mach.), an iron gudgeon for the end of a wooden axle, having thin, broad projections to prevent it from turning in the wood. See Illust. of Gudgeon.  -- Wing shell (Zoöl.), wing case of an insect.  -- Wing stroke, the stroke or sweep of a wing.  -- Wing transom (Naut.), the uppermost transom of the stern; -- called also main transom. J. Knowles.  WING Wing, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Winged; p. pr. & vb. n. Winging.]  1. To furnish with wings; to enable to fly, or to move with celerity. Who heaves old ocean, and whowings the storms. Pope. Living, to wing with mirth the weary hours. Longfellow.  2. To supply with wings or sidepieces. The main battle, whose puissance on either side Shall be well winged with our chiefest horse. Shak.  3. To transport by flight; to cause to fly. I, an old turtle, Will wing me to some withered bough. Shak.  4. To move through in flight; to fly through. There's not an arrow wings the sky But fancy turns its point to him. Moore.  5. To cut off the wings of; to wound in the wing; to disable a wing of; as, to wing a bird. To wing a flight, to exert the power of flying; to fly. 
adjoining   Ad*join"ing, a.  Defn: Joining to; contiguous; adjacent; as, an adjoining room. "The adjoining fane." Dryden. Upon the hills adjoining to the city. Shak.  Syn.  -- Adjacent; contiguous; near; neighboring; abutting; bordering. See Adjacent. 
ready   Read"y, a. [Compar. Readier; superl. Readiest.] Etym: [AS. ræde; akin to D. gereed, bereid, G. bereit, Goth. garáids fixed, arranged, and possibly to E. ride, as meaning originally, prepared for riding. Cf. Array, 1st Curry.]  1. Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as, the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey. "When she redy was." Chaucer.  2. Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished. "Dinner was ready." Fielding. My oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage. Matt. xxii. 4.  3. Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed. I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem, for the name of the Lord Jesus. Acts xxi. 13. If need be, I am ready to forego And quit. Milton.  4. Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert; as, a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman. "Ready in devising expedients." Macaulay. Gurth, whose temper was ready, through surly. Sir W. Scott.  5. Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy. "The readiest way." Milton. A sapling pine he wrenched from out the ground, The readiest weapon that his fury found. Dryden.  6. On the point; about; on the brink; near; -- with a following infinitive. My heart is ready to crack. Shak.  7. (Mil.)  Defn: A word of command, or a position, in the manual of arms, at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command, which is, aim. All ready, ready in every particular; wholly equipped or prepared. "[I] am all redy at your hest." Chaucer.  -- Ready money, means of immediate payment; cash. "'Tis all the ready money fate can give." Cowley.  -- Ready reckoner, a book of tables for facilitating computations, as of interest, prices, etc.  -- To make ready, to make preparation; to get in readiness.  Syn.  -- Prompt; expeditious; speedy; unhesitating; dexterous; apt; skilful; handy; expert; facile; easy; opportune; fitted; prepared; disposed; willing; free; cheerful. See Prompt.  READY Read"y, adv.  Defn: In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay. We ourselves will go ready armed. Num. xxxii. 17.  READY Read"y, n.  Defn: Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the; as, he was supplied with the ready. [Slang] Lord Strut was not flush in ready, either to go to law, or to clear old debts. Arbuthnot.  READY Read"y, v. t.  Defn: To dispose in order. [Obs.] Heywood.  READY-MADE Read"y-made`, a.  Defn: Made already, or beforehand, in anticipation of need; not made to order; as, ready-made clothing; ready-made jokes.  READY-WITTED Read"y-wit`ted, a.  Defn: Having ready wit. 
steer   Steer, n. Etym: [OE. steer, AS. steór; akin to D. & G. stier a bull, OHG. stior, Icel. stjorr, , Sw. tjur, Dan. tyr, Goth. stiur, Russ. tur', Pol. tur, Ir. & Gael. tarbh, W. tarw, L. taurus, Gr. sth strong, stout, AS. stor large, Icel. storr, OHG. st, stiuri. *168. Cf. Stirk, Taurine, a.]  Defn: A young male of the ox kind; especially, a common ox; a castrated taurine male from two to four years old. See the Note under Ox.  STEER Steer, v. t.  Defn: To castrate; -- said of male calves.  STEER Steer, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Steered; p. pr. & vb. n. Steering.] Etym: [OE. steeren, steren, AS. stiéran, st, steóran; akin to OFries. stiora, stiura, D. sturen, OD. stieren, G. steuren, OHG. stiuren to direct, support, G. steuer contribution, tax, Icel. st to steer, govern,Sw. styra, Dan. styre, Goth. stiurjan to establish, AS. steór a rudder, a helm, and probably to Icel. staurr a pale, stake, Gr. stand. *168. Cf. Starboard, Stern, n.]  Defn: To direct the course of; to guide; to govern; -- applied especially to a vessel in the water. That with a staff his feeble steps did steer. Spenser.  STEER Steer, v. i.  1. To direct a vessel in its course; to direct one's course. "No helmsman steers." Tennyson.  2. To be directed and governed; to take a direction, or course; to obey the helm; as, the boat steers easily. Where the wind Veers oft, as oft [a ship] so steers, and shifts her sail. Milton.  3. To conduct one's self; to take or pursue a course of action.  STEER Steer, n. Etym: [AS. steór, stiór; akin to D. stuur, G. steuer, Icel. st. *186. See Steer, v. t.] [Written also stere.]  Defn: A rudder or helm. [Obs.] Chaucer.  STEER Steer, n. Etym: [AS. steóra. See Steer a rudder.]  Defn: A helmsman, a pilot. [Obs.] Chaucer. 
gather   Gath"er, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Gathered; p. pr. & vb. n. Gathering.] Etym: [OE. gaderen, AS. gaderian, gadrian, fr. gador, geador, together, fr. gæd fellowship; akin to E. good, D. gaderen to collect, G. gatte husband, MHG. gate, also companion, Goth. gadiliggs a sister's son. sq. root29. See Good, and cf. Together.]  1. To bring together; to collect, as a number of separate things, into one place, or into one aggregate body; to assemble; to muster; to congregate. And Belgium's capital had gathered them Her beauty and her chivalry. Byron. When he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together. Matt. ii. 4.  2. To pick out and bring together from among what is of less value; to collect, as a harvest; to harvest; to cull; to pick off; to pluck. A rose just gathered from the stalk. Dryden. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles Matt. vii. 16. Gather us from among the heathen. Ps. cvi. 47.  3. To accumulate by collecting and saving little by little; to amass; to gain; to heap up. He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance, he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor. Prov. xxviii. 8. To pay the creditor . . . he must gather up money by degrees. Locke.  4. To bring closely together the parts or particles of; to contract; to compress; to bring together in folds or plaits, as a garment; also, to draw together, as a piece of cloth by a thread; to pucker; to plait; as, to gather a ruffle. Gathering his flowing robe, he seemed to stand In act to speak, and graceful stretched his hand. Pope.  5. To derive, or deduce, as an inference; to collect, as a conclusion, from circumstances that suggest, or arguments that prove; to infer; to conclude. Let me say no moreGather the sequel by that went before. Shak.  6. To gain; to win. [Obs.] He gathers ground upon her in the chase. Dryden.  7. (Arch.)  Defn: To bring together, or nearer together, in masonry, as where the width of a fireplace is rapidly diminished to the width of the flue, or the like.  8. (Naut.)  Defn: To haul in; to take up; as, to gather the slack of a rope. To be gathered to one's people, or to one's fathers to die. Gen. xxv. 8.  -- To gather breath, to recover normal breathing after being out of breath; to get breath; to rest. Spenser.  -- To gather one's self together, to collect and dispose one's powers for a great effort, as a beast crouches preparatory to a leap.  -- To gather way (Naut.), to begin to move; to move with increasing speed.  GATHER Gath"er, v. i.  1. To come together; to collect; to unite; to become assembled; to congregate. When small humors gather to a gout. Pope. Tears from the depth of some divine despair Rise in the heart, and gather to the eyes. Tennyson.  2. To grow larger by accretion; to increase. Their snowball did not gather as it went. Bacon.  3. To concentrate; to come to a head, as a sore, and generate pus; as, a boil has gathered.  4. To collect or bring things together. Thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strewed. Matt. xxv. 26.  GATHER Gath"er, n.  1. A plait or fold in cloth, made by drawing a thread through it; a pucker.  2. (Carriage Making)  Defn: The inclination forward of the axle journals to keep the wheels from working outward.  3. (Arch.)  Defn: The soffit or under surface of the masonry required in gathering. See Gather, v. t., 7. 
festive   Fes"tive, a. Etym: [L. festivus, fr. festum holiday, feast. See feast, and cf. Festivous.]  Defn: Pertaining to, or becoming, a feast; festal; joyous; gay; mirthful; sportive.  -- Fes"tive*ly, adv. The glad circle round them yield their souls To festive mirth and wit that knows no gall. Thomson. 
tap   Tap, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Tapped; p. pr. & vb. n. Tapping.] Etym: [F. taper to strike; of Teutonic origin; cf. dial. G. tapp, tapps, a blow, tappe a paw, fist, G. tappen to grope.]  1. To strike with a slight or gentle blow; to touch gently; to rap lightly; to pat; as, to tap one with the hand or a cane.  2. To put a new sole or heel on; as, to tap shoes.  TAP Tap, n. Etym: [Cf. F. tape. See Tap to strike.]  1. A gentle or slight blow; a light rap; a pat. Addison.  2. A piece of leather fastened upon the bottom of a boot or shoe in repairing or renewing the sole or heel.  3. pl. (Mil.)  Defn: A signal, by drum or trumpet, for extinguishing all lights in soldiers' quarters and retiring to bed, -- usually given about a quarter of an hour after tattoo. Wilhelm.  TAP Tap, v. i.  Defn: To strike a gentle blow.  TAP Tap, n. Etym: [AS. tæppa, akin to D. tap, G. zapfen, OHG. zapfo, Dan. tap, Sw. tapp, Icel. tappi. Cf. Tampion, Tip.]  1. A hole or pipe through which liquor is drawn.  2. A plug or spile for stopping a hole pierced in a cask, or the like; a faucet.  3. Liquor drawn through a tap; hence, a certain kind or quality of liquor; as, a liquor of the same tap. [Colloq.]  4. A place where liquor is drawn for drinking; a taproom; a bar. [Colloq.]  5. (Mech.)  Defn: A tool for forming an internal screw, as in a nut, consisting of a hardened steel male screw grooved longitudinally so as to have cutting edges. On tap. (a) Ready to be drawn; as, ale on tap. (b) Broached, or furnished with a tap; as, a barrel on tap.  -- Plug tap (Mech.), a screw-cutting tap with a slightly tapering end.  -- Tap bolt, a bolt with a head on one end and a thread on the other end, to be screwed into some fixed part, instead of passing through the part and receiving a nut. See Illust. under Bolt.  -- Tap cinder (Metal.), the slag of a puddling furnace.  TAP Tap, v. t.  1. To pierce so as to let out, or draw off, a fluid; as, to tap a cask, a tree, a tumor, etc.  2. Hence, to draw from (anything) in any analogous way; as, to tap telegraph wires for the purpose of intercepting information; to tap the treasury.  3. To draw, or cause to flow, by piercing. Shak. He has been tapping his liquors. Addison.  4. (Mech.)  Defn: To form an internal screw in (anything) by means of a tool called a tap; as, to tap a nut. 
moan   Moan, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Moaned; p. pr. & vb. n. Moaning.] Etym: [AS. m to moan, also, to mean; but in the latter sense perh. a different word. Cf. Mean to intend.]  1. To make a low prolonged sound of grief or pain, whether articulate or not; to groan softly and continuously. Unpitied and unheard, where misery moans. Thomson. Let there bechance him pitiful mischances, To make him moan. Shak.  2. To emit a sound like moan; -- said of things inanimate; as, the wind moans.  MOAN Moan, v. t.  1. To bewail audibly; to lament. Ye floods, ye woods, ye echoes, moan My dear Columbo, dead and gone. Prior.  2. To afflict; to distress. [Obs.] Which infinitely moans me. Beau. & Fl.  MOAN Moan, n. Etym: [OE. mone. See Moan, v. i.]  1. A low prolonged sound, articulate or not, indicative of pain or of grief; a low groan. Sullen moans, hollow groans. Pope.  2. A low mournful or murmuring sound; -- of things. Rippling waters made a pleasant moan. Byron. 
bikes  Word is not found.
miss   Miss, n.; pl. Misses. Etym: [Contr. fr. mistress.]  1. A title of courtesy prefixed to the name of a girl or a woman who has not been married. See Mistress, 5.  Note: There is diversity of usage in the application of this title to two or more persons of the same name. We may write either the Miss Browns or the Misses Brown.  2. A young unmarried woman or a girl; as, she is a miss of sixteen. Gay vanity, with smiles and kisses, Was busy 'mongst the maids and misses. Cawthorn.  3. A kept mistress. See Mistress, 4. [Obs.] Evelyn.  4. (Card Playing)  Defn: In the game of three-card loo, an extra hand, dealt on the table, which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player.  MISS Miss, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Missed; p.pr. & vb.n. Missing.] Etym: [AS. missan; akin to D. & G. missen, OHG. missan, Icel. missa, Sw. mista, Dan. miste. *100. See Mis-, pref.]  1. To fail of hitting, reaching, getting, finding, seeing, hearing, etc.; as, to miss the mark one shoots at; to miss the train by being late; to miss opportunites of getting knowledge; to miss the point or meaning of something said. When a man misses his great end, happiness, he will acknowledge he judged not right. Locke.  2. To omit; to fail to have or to do; to get without; to dispense with; -- now seldom applied to persons. She would never miss, one day, A walk so fine, a sight so gay. Prior. We cannot miss him; he does make our fire, Fetch in our wood. Shak.  3. To discover the absence or omission of; to feel the want of; to mourn the loss of; to want. Shak. Neither missed we anything ... Nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him. 1 Sam. xxv. 15, 21. What by me thou hast lost, thou least shalt miss. Milton. To miss stays. (Naut.) See under Stay.  MISS Miss, v. i.  1. To fail to hit; to fly wide; to deviate from the true direction. Men observe when things hit, and not when they miss. Bacon. Flying bullets now, To execute his rage, appear too slow; They miss, or sweep but common souls away. Waller.  2. To fail to obtain, learn, or find; -- with of. Upon the least reflection, we can not miss of them. Atterbury.  3. To go wrong; to err. [Obs.] Amongst the angels, a whole legion Of wicked sprites did fall from happy bliss; What wonder then if one, of women all, did miss Spenser.  4. To be absent, deficient, or wanting. [Obs.] See Missing, a. What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend. Shak.  MISS Miss, n.  1. The act of missing; failure to hit, reach, find, obtain, etc.  2. Loss; want; felt absence. [Obs.] There will be no great miss of those which are lost. Locke.  3. Mistake; error; fault. Shak. He did without any great miss in the hardest points of grammar. Ascham.  4. Harm from mistake. [Obs.] Spenser. 
jog   Jog, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Jogged; p. pr. & vb. n. Jogging.] Etym: [OE. joggen; cf. W. gogi to shake, and also E. shog, shock, v.]  1. To push or shake with the elbow or hand; to jostle; esp., to push or touch, in order to give notice, to excite one's attention, or to warn. Now leaps he upright, jogs me, and cries: Do you see Yonder well- favored youth Donne. Sudden I jogged Ulysses, who was laid Fast by my side. Pope.  2. To suggest to; to notify; to remind; to call the attention of; as, to jog the memory.  3. To cause to jog; to drive at a jog, as a horse. See Jog, v. i.  JOG Jog, v. i.  Defn: To move by jogs or small shocks, like those of a slow trot; to move slowly, leisurely, or monotonously; -- usually with on, sometimes with over. Jog on, jog on, the footpath way. Shak. So hung his destiny, never to rot, While he might still jog on and keep his trot. Milton . The good old ways our sires jogged safely over. R. Browning.  JOG Jog, n.  1. A slight shake; a shake or push intended to give notice or awaken attention; a push; a jolt. To give them by turns an invisible jog. Swift.  2. A rub; a slight stop; an obstruction; hence, an irregularity in motion of from; a hitch; a break in the direction of a line or the surface of a plane. Glanvill. Jog trot, a slow, regular, jolting gait; hence, a routine habit or method, persistently adhered to. T. Hook. 
aggressive   Ag*gres"sive, a. [Cf. F. agressif.]  Defn: Tending or disposed to aggress; characterized by aggression; making assaults; unjustly attacking; as, an aggressive policy, war, person, nation. -- Ag*gres"sive*ly, adv. -- Ag*gres"sive*ness, n.  No aggressive movement was made. Macaulay. 
flight   Flight, n. Etym: [AS. fliht, flyht, a flying, fr. fleógan to fly; cf. flyht a fleeing, fr. fleón to flee, G. flucht a fleeing, Sw. flykt, G. flug a flying, Sw. flygt, D. vlugt a fleeing or flying, Dan. flugt. sq. root84. See Flee, Fly.]  1. The act or flying; a passing through the air by the help of wings; volitation; mode or style of flying. Like the night owl's lazy flight. Shak.  2. The act of fleeing; the act of running away, to escape or expected evil; hasty departure. Pray ye that your flight be not in the winter. Matt. xxiv. 20. Fain by flight to save themselves. Shak.  3. Lofty elevation and excursion;a mounting; a soaas, a flight of imagination, ambition, folly. Could he have kept his spirit to that flight, He had been happy. Byron. His highest flights were indeed far below those of Taylor. Macaulay.  4. A number of beings or things passing through the air together; especially, a flock of birds flying in company; the birds that fly or migrate together; the birds produced in one season; as, a flight of arrows. Swift. Swift flights of angels ministrant. Milton. Like a flight of fowl Scattered winds and tempestuous gusts. Shak.  5. A series of steps or stairs from one landing to another. Parker.  6. A kind of arrow for the longbow; also, the sport of shooting with it. See Shaft. [Obs.] Challenged Cupid at the flight. Shak. Not a flight drawn home E'er made that haste that they have. Beau. & Fl.  7. The husk or glume of oats. [Prov. Eng.] Wright. to take a flight{9}. Flight feathers (Zoöl.), the wing feathers of a bird, including the quills, coverts, and bastard wing. See Bird.  -- To put to flight, To turn to flight, to compel to run away; to force to flee; to rout.  Syn.  -- Pair; set. See Pair. 
